Searchword,Searchword_ID,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,NER,Topics,Date,Source,key
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/Globe+Newswire/NOTICE+OF+AFARAK+GROUP+PLCS+ANNUAL+GENERAL+MEETING/18525416.html,NOTICE OF AFARAK GROUP PLC'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,"09:00 London, 11:00 Helsinki, 7 June 2021 - Afarak Group Plc (LSE: AFRK, NASDAQ: AFAGR)Notice of Afarak Group Plc's Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group Plc (“Afarak”) of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 29 June 2021 at 2 p.m. the company´s headquarter, address Kaisaniemenkatu 4, 00100 Helsinki, Finland.The aim is to keep the Annual General Meeting as short as possible, while ensuring that all legal obligations are fulfilled.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Dr Jelena Manojlovic, Thorstein Abrahamsen and Guy Konsbruck will be re-elected for the next mandate that begins from the end of the General Meeting and ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2022.Proxy documents should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail Euroclear Finland Oy, Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group Plc, P.O.The counterproposal shall be handled at the Annual General Meeting if the shareholder is entitled to attend the Annual General Meeting and if the shareholder holds at least one per cent of all the company’s shares on the record date of the Annual General Meeting.","09:00 London, 11:00 Helsinki, 7 June 2021 - Afarak Group Plc (LSE: AFRK, NASDAQ: AFAGR)Notice of Afarak Group Plc's Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group Plc (“Afarak”) of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 29 June 2021 at 2 p.m. the company´s headquarter, address Kaisaniemenkatu 4, 00100 Helsinki, Finland. The shareholders of the company may participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights only by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation and by presenting counterproposals and asking questions in advance. It is not possible to attend the meeting in person. Instructions for shareholders can be found in part C of this Notice.The Board of Directors has resolved on exceptional meeting procedures based on the temporary legislation (677/2020) which entered into force October 3, 2020. In order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic the company has taken precautionary measures enabled by the temporary legislation in order to be able to convene the Annual General Meeting in a foreseeable meaning, considering the health and safety of the company’s shareholders, personnel and other stakeholders.The aim is to keep the Annual General Meeting as short as possible, while ensuring that all legal obligations are fulfilled. The Members of the Board of the Directors or CEO will not participate in the Annual General Meeting and there will be no addresses by the Board or Management at the meeting.MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:The following matters will be considered at the General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderAttorney-at-Law Mika Taberman shall act as the Chairman of the meeting.If due to weighty reasons Mika Taberman is not able to act as Chairman, the Board shall appoint another person it deems best suitable to act as Chairman.3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesAttorney-at-law Kalle Klemetti shall scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of the votes.If Kalle Klemetti due to weighty reasons is not able to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of the votes, the Board shall appoint another person it deems best suitable to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the list of votesShareholders attending the meeting shall be those shareholders who have voted in advance during the voting period and who in accordance with Chapter 5, Sections 6 and 6a of the Finnish Companies Act are entitled to attend the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted according to the information provided by Euroclear Finland Ltd.6. Presentation of the annual accounts, the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2020Since the Annual General Meeting may only be attended through advance voting, the Financial Statements, the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report, published by the company on 31 March 2021, are considered to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The Financial Statements, the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report are available on the Afarak website -meetings/2021/.7. Adoption of the Group annual accounts, income statement and balance sheet8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend from the financial year ending on 31 December 2020 is paid. As Afarak Group Plc made a loss for the financial year 2020, no minority dividend can be demanded.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the remuneration report for governing bodiesSince the Annual General Meeting may only be attended through advance voting, the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies published on 7 June 2021 is considered to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the Afarak website -meetings/2021/. The resolution on the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and of the AuditorIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Non-executive Board Members shall be paid EUR 3,000 per month and the Chairman of the board shall be paid an additional EUR 1,500 per month. Non-Executive Board Members who serve on the Board's Committees shall be paid additional EUR 1,500 per month for committee work. Those members of the Board of Directors that are executives of the Company are not entitled to receive any remuneration for Board membership. Board Members shall be compensated for travel and accommodation expenses as well as other costs directly related to Board and Committee work in accordance with the company's travel rules.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the company will pay the auditor's fee against an invoice that is inspected by the Company.12. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be three (3).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Dr Jelena Manojlovic, Thorstein Abrahamsen and Guy Konsbruck will be re-elected for the next mandate that begins from the end of the General Meeting and ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2022. Shareholders Atkey Ltd and LNS Resources Ltd, have expressed their support to this proposal and will vote at the upcoming AGM in favor of it. These shareholders represent 52.66 % of the share capital of the company.14. Election of the AuditorThe company has requested offers regarding it´s audit services. For the time being, the company have not received an offer suitable for it´s needs. Thus, the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that election of the Auditor shall be decided on separate Extraordinal General Meeting held during 2021.15. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide upon share issue and upon issuing other special rights that entitle to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to issue ordinary shares and issue stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.By virtue of the authorization shares could be issued in one or more tranches up to a maximum of 50,000,000 new shares or shares owned by the company. This equates approximately 19,8 % of the company’s current registered shares. The Board of Directors would, by virtue of the authorization, be entitled to decide on the share issues and on the issuing of stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.The Board of Directors may use the authorization among other things to raise additional finance and enabling corporate and business acquisitions or other arrangements and investments of business activity or for employee incentive and commitment schemes. The Board of Directors proposes that, by virtue of the authorization, the Board of Directors can decide both on share issue against payment and on share issue without payment. The payment of the subscription price could also be made with other consideration than money. The authorization would contain right to decide on derogating from shareholders' pre-emptive right to share subscription provided that the conditions set in the Companies' Act are fulfilled.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization replaces all previous authorizations and that it is valid two (2) years as from the decision of the General Meeting.16. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGAfarak Group Plc has published the Report by the Board of Directors, the Financial Statements 2020, the Auditor's Report, the Corporate Governance Statement and the Remuneration Report in English and in Finnish. The documents as well as this Notice can be found from the company website from address -meetings/2021/. Copies of the above-mentioned documents and of this Notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest from 13 July 2021.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGShareholders of the company may only participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation as well as by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in accordance with the below instructions.1 Right to attendA shareholder who no later than on 16 June 2021 is registered as the Company's shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company's shareholders’ register.A shareholder may only participate in the meeting by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in accordance with the below instructions.2 Registration and advance voting servicesThe registration for the meeting and advance voting will begin on 11 June 2021 at 10:00 am when the deadline for submitting counterproposals has passed. A shareholder who is registered in the Shareholders’ Register of the company and wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance, shall register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance by 21 June 2021 at 10:00 am by which time the registration shall be completed and the votes given.Requested information shall be given in connection with the registration such as the name, social security number, address and phone number of the shareholder. The personal data given to Afarak or Euroclear Finland Ltd is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.Shareholders who have a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the time period beginning on 11 June 2021 at 10:00 am and ending on 21 June 2021 on 10:00 am by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at -meetings/2021/Please note that the number of the shareholder’s book-entry account is required for voting in advance.b) Through email or mailShareholders may submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website -meetings/2021/ to Euroclear Finland Ltd by email to yhtiokokouseuroclear.eu or by mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd, Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group Plc, P.O. Box 1110, FI-00101 Helsinki, Finland.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by way of advance voting, voting in advance is considered as registration for the meeting if all required information is given.Instructions for voting will be available on the company’s website at -meetings/2021/ at the latest when the advance voting period begins.3 Using representative and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting through a proxy representative. Also the proxy representative of a shareholder may only participate by voting in advance in the manner instructed above.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts, the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy documents should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail Euroclear Finland Oy, Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group Plc, P.O. Box 1110, FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokouseuroclear.eu before the last date for registration, by which time the proxy documents must be received.4 Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which he/she on the record date of the general meeting, i.e. 16 June 2021 would be entitled, to be registered in the Shareholders’ Register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition, the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary Shareholders’ Register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest on 24 June 2021 at 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares, this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company, the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the date stated above. In addition, the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.Further information is available on the company’s website at -meetings/2021/.5 Other instructions and informationShareholders who hold at least one per cent of all the company’s shares are entitled to make counter-proposals subject for voting to the agenda points of the Annual General Meeting. Such counterproposals shall be delivered to the company by email to ilmoafarak.com no later than 10 June 2021 at 2:00 p.m. The shareholder submitting the counterproposal shall present sufficient evidence on his/her shareholding at the date of this notice when delivering the counterproposal. The counterproposal shall be handled at the Annual General Meeting if the shareholder is entitled to attend the Annual General Meeting and if the shareholder holds at least one per cent of all the company’s shares on the record date of the Annual General Meeting. If a counterproposal is not taken to be handled at the Annual General Meeting, votes given for the counterproposals will be disregarded. The company shall disclose possible counter-proposals subject for voting on the company’s website at -meetings/2021/ at the latest on 11 June 2021.A shareholder may ask questions pursuant to Chapter 5, Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act on topics included in the meeting agenda until 14 June 2021 at 2:00 pm by email to ilmoafarak.com. Such shareholders’ questions and the management’s answers thereto as well as possible counterproposals not subject for voting will be available on the company’s website at -meetings/2021/ at the latest on 17 June 2021. Shareholders are required to present sufficient evidence of their shareholding in order to ask questions and make counterproposals.Afarak Group Plc has at the date of invitation, 7 June 2021, in total 252,041,814 shares in issue and of which 252,041,814 have voting rights. The company holds in total 6,073,991 shares in treasury.IN HELSINKI, ON 7 JUNE 2021.AFARAK GROUP PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSFor additional information, please contact:Guy Konsbruck, CEO, +356 2122 1566, guy.konsbruckafarak.comFinancial reports and other investor information are available on the Company's website: www.afarak.com .Afarak Group is a specialist alloy producer focused on delivering sustainable growth with a Speciality Alloys business in southern Europe and a FerroAlloys business in South Africa. The Company is listed on NASDAQ Helsinki (AFAGR) and the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange (AFRK).Distribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiLondon Stock ExchangeMain mediawww.afarak.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,mixed,0.37,0.16,0.47,True,English,"['AFARAK GROUP PLC', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'AFRK', 'AFAGR', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'Afarak', 'Board of Directors', 'Board of the Directors', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Afarak', 'of Directors', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'of Directors', 'Afarak', 'of Directors', 'Board of Directors']","['AFARAK GROUP PLC', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Group annual accounts', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Law Mika Taberman', 'The Financial Statements', 'Non-executive Board Members', 'The Remuneration report', 'Afarak website', 'proxy representation', 'part C', 'temporary legislation', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'precautionary measures', 'foreseeable meaning', 'other stakeholders', 'legal obligations', 'weighty reasons', 'Kalle Klemetti', 'voting period', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'committee work', 'accommodation expenses', 'other costs', 'financial year', 'The Bo', 'shareholder rights', 'following matters', 'travel rules', 'advance voting', 'minority dividend', 'Board membership', 'Directors’ Report', '00 London', '11:00 Helsinki', '7 June', 'LSE', 'AFRK', 'NASDAQ', 'AFAGR', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '29 June', 'company', 'headquarter', 'address', 'Kaisaniemenkatu', '00100 Helsinki', 'way', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'person', 'Instructions', 'force', 'order', 'spread', 'health', 'safety', 'aim', 'CEO', 'Management', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'Chairman', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Sections', 'information', 'Auditor', '31 March', 'investors', 'meetings', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'loss', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'advisory', 'month', 'Committees', 'executives', '09', '1.', '9.']",2021-06-07,streetinsider.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/Globe+Newswire/ROYAL+DUTCH+SHELL+PLC+FIRST+QUARTER+2021+EURO+AND+GBP+EQUIVALENT+DIVIDEND+PAYMENTS/18525270.html,ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC FIRST QUARTER 2021 EURO AND GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTS,"Royal Dutch Shell plcENQUIRIES:Media: International +44 (0) 207 934 5550 Americas +1 832 337 4355CAUTIONARY NOTEThe companies in which Royal Dutch Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities.In this announcement “Shell”, “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Royal Dutch Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general.Likewise, the words “we”, “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Royal Dutch Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them.‘‘Subsidiaries’’, “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Royal Dutch Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control.LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State","The Hague, June 7, 2021 - The Board of Royal Dutch Shell plc (“RDS”) today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the first quarter 2021 interim dividend, which was announced on April 29, 2021 at US$0.1735 per A ordinary share (“A Share”) and B ordinary share (“B Share”).Dividends on A Shares will be paid, by default, in euros at the rate of €0.1426 per A Share. Holders of A Shares who have validly submitted US dollars or pounds sterling currency elections by May 28, 2021 will be entitled to a dividend of US$0.1735 or 12.26p per A Share, respectively.Dividends on B Shares will be paid, by default, in pounds sterling at the rate of 12.26p per B Share. Holders of B Shares who have validly submitted US dollars or euros currency elections by May 28, 2021 will be entitled to a dividend of US$0.1735 or €0.1426 per B Share, respectively.Euro and pounds sterling dividends payable in cash have been converted from US dollars based on an average of market exchange rates over the three dealing days from 2 June to 4 June 2021.This dividend will be payable on June 21, 2021 to those members whose names were on the Register of Members on May 14, 2021.Taxation - cash dividendCash dividends on A Shares will be subject to the deduction of Dutch dividend withholding tax at the rate of 15%, which may be reduced in certain circumstances. Non-Dutch resident shareholders, depending on their particular circumstances, may be entitled to a full or partial refund of Dutch dividend withholding tax.If you are uncertain as to the tax treatment of any dividends you should consult your tax advisor.NoteA different currency election date may apply to shareholders holding shares in a securities account with a bank or financial institution ultimately holding through Euroclear Nederland. This may also apply to other shareholders who do not hold their shares either directly on the Register of Members or in the corporate sponsored nominee arrangement. Shareholders can contact their broker, financial intermediary, bank or financial institution for the election deadline that applies.Royal Dutch Shell plcENQUIRIES:Media: International +44 (0) 207 934 5550 Americas +1 832 337 4355CAUTIONARY NOTEThe companies in which Royal Dutch Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”, “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Royal Dutch Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise, the words “we”, “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Royal Dutch Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’, “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Royal Dutch Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. Entities and unincorporated arrangements over which Shell has joint control are generally referred to as “joint ventures” and “joint operations”, respectively. Entities over which Shell has significant influence but neither control nor joint control are referred to as “associates”. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement, after exclusion of all third-party interest.This announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations, beliefs, estimates, forecasts, projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”, “ambition”, ‘‘anticipate’’, ‘‘believe’’, ‘‘could’’, ‘‘estimate’’, ‘‘expect’’, ‘‘goals’’, ‘‘intend’’, ‘‘may’’, ‘‘objectives’’, ‘‘outlook’’, ‘‘plan’’, ‘‘probably’’, ‘‘project’’, ‘‘risks’’, “schedule”, ‘‘seek’’, ‘‘should’’, ‘‘target’’, ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement, including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets, and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative, fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks, including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities, delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics, such as the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak; and (n) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Royal Dutch Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2020 (available at www.shell.com/investor and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement, June 7, 2021. Neither Royal Dutch Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or other information. In light of these risks, results could differ materially from those stated, implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.We may have used certain terms, such as resources, in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F, File No 1-32575, available on the SEC website www.sec.gov.LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.06,0.04,0.9,True,English,"['ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC', 'of Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'RDS', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'Shell', 'Shell Group', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'Shell', 'Shell companies', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell']","['ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC FIRST QUARTER', 'GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTS', 'EURO', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'first quarter 2021 interim dividend', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'different currency election date', 'Dutch dividend withholding tax', 'three dealing days', 'equivalent dividend payments', 'market exchange rates', 'indirect ownership interest', 'Non-Dutch resident shareholders', 'separate legal entities', 'sterling currency elections', 'B ordinary share', 'securities account', 'tax treatment', 'tax advisor', 'election deadline', 'Shell interest', 'third-party interest', 'B Share', 'cash dividend', 'market risks', 'A Share', 'The Hague', 'The Board', 'US dollars', 'partial refund', 'financial institution', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'nominee arrangement', 'financial intermediary', 'useful purpose', 'joint ventures', 'significant influence', 'joint arrangement', 'financial condition', 'historical fact', 'other things', 'potential exposure', 'price fluctuations', 'crude oil', 'natural gas', 'other shareholders', 'joint operations', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'future operations', 'Shell Group', 'Shell companies', 'particular circumstances', 'CAUTIONARY NOTE', 'particular entity', 'unincorporated arrangements', 'joint control', 'forward-looking statements', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'sterling dividends', 'actual results', 'similar terms', 'pounds sterling', 'shares', 'RDS', 'respect', 'April', 'default', 'euros', 'May', 'average', 'June', 'members', 'names', 'Register', 'Taxation', 'deduction', 'full', 'bank', 'broker', 'ENQUIRIES', 'International', 'Americas', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'associates', 'exclusion', 'meaning', 'businesses', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'goals', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'number', 'factors', 'limitation', 'changes', 'demand', 'products']",2021-06-07,streetinsider.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATRIUM-EUROPEAN-REAL-ESTA-6494128/news/Atrium-European-Real-Estate-nbsp-SCRIP-DIVIDEND-CIRCULAR-Q2-2021-35553353/,Atrium European Real Estate : SCRIP DIVIDEND CIRCULAR Q2 2021,"ATRIUM EUROPEAN REAL ESTATE LIMITED (a company incorporated with limited liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended, with registration number 70371) SCRIP DIVIDEND CIRCULAR This Circular contains the terms and conditions of the scrip dividend programme that apply to the quarterly dividend payable on 30 June 2021.The terms and conditions of the Scrip Dividend Alternative are set out in Appendix 1 of this Circular.Receiving cash or New Shares as dividend under the Scrip Dividend Alternative shall both be deemed a repayment of capital.Yours faithfully 3APPENDIX 1 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SCRIP DIVIDEND ALTERNATIVE 1.TAXATION Receiving cash or New Shares as dividend under the Scrip Dividend Alternative shall both be deemed a repayment of capital.","THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult a duly authorised and regulated independent financial adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your shares in Atrium European Real Estate Limited (the Company) please send this circular (this Circular) and the accompanying documents at once to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker, banker or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for onward transmission to the purchaser or transferee. The shares of the Company are admitted to trading and are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the Vienna Stock Exchange. ATRIUM EUROPEAN REAL ESTATE LIMITED (a company incorporated with limited liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended, with registration number 70371) SCRIP DIVIDEND CIRCULAR This Circular contains the terms and conditions of the scrip dividend programme that apply to the quarterly dividend payable on 30 June 2021. The expected timetable in relation to the Scrip Dividend Alternative (as defined below) is set out in paragraph 13 of Appendix I of this Circular. 1LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE COMPANY ATRIUM EUROPEAN REAL ESTATE LIMITED (a company incorporated with limited liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended, with registration number 70371) 9 June 2021 St Helier, Jersey Dear Sirs, SCRIP DIVIDEND Introduction At the Company's annual general meeting held on 26 March 2021, the Company's shareholders granted their approval to the Company's board of directors (the Directors) to offer Shareholders (as defined below) the opportunity to receive dividends in the form of newly issued, fully paid-up ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (the New Shares or Scrip Shares) rather than cash. This approval is valid until the date of the Company's next annual general meeting. Accordingly, I am writing to you to provide details of the Directors' offer to Shareholders to elect to receive all of the second quarterly 2021 dividend (the Dividend) of 6.75 €cents per ordinary share (a Share) in the form of New Shares instead of cash (the Scrip Dividend Alternative). If you wish to receive the Dividend in cash in the usual way, you do not need to take any further action and should disregard this Circular. The purpose of this Circular is to explain the details of: (i) the Scrip Dividend Alternative; (ii) how Shareholders may elect to receive New Shares rather than cash dividends; and (iii) the factors you may wish to consider in reaching your decision. Rational for the Scrip Dividend Alternative Shareholders who elect to receive New Shares rather than cash in respect of the Dividend will increase their number of Shares. To the extent that Shareholders elect to receive New Shares, the Company will preserve liquidity from retaining the cash that would otherwise have been paid out as a dividend. Dilution Shareholders should note that New Shares may be issued under the Scrip Dividend Alternative. Accordingly, the issue of those New Shares may have a dilutive effect on the shareholdings of Shareholders who elect to receive the Dividend in cash. The Scrip Dividend Alternative On 4 May 2021, the Directors announced that the Dividend is expected to be paid to Shareholders on the Company's register of members at the close of business on 11 June 2021 (the Record Date). The number of New Shares allotted to Shareholders that elect to receive the Scrip Dividend Alternative will be one New Share for every 44.5114 Shares held by the electing Shareholder. This exchange ratio has been calculated based on the volume weighted average price of Shares on Euronext Amsterdam and the Vienna Stock Exchange during the reference period from 2 June 2021 until 8 June 2021, minus the dividend of 6.75€ cents and a 2% discount set by the Directors, which amounts to €3.005. 2No fraction of a New Share will be allotted. Any entitlement that results in a fractional New Share will be rounded down to the nearest whole number, with a cash payment to be made to the relevant Shareholder in respect of the fraction. Applications will be made for the New Shares to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Alternative to be admitted to listing and trading on the Euronext Amsterdam and the Vienna Stock Exchange on or about 30 June2021 (the Admission). The Directors reserve the right at any time prior to Admission, and at their discretion, to withdraw the Scrip Dividend Alternative and pay the Dividend entirely in cash. The terms and conditions of the Scrip Dividend Alternative are set out in Appendix 1 of this Circular. Registered Shareholders (the Registered Shareholders) are requested to make their election known by completing a form of election in the form as enclosed in Appendix 2 of this Circular (a Form of Election). Participants who hold their interest in any Shares through the Euroclear Book-Entry System (the Euroclear Participants and together with the Registered Shareholders, the Shareholders) are requested to make their election known through their account holding bank or broker. Should you wish to make an election for the Scrip Dividend Alternative, please consider the terms and conditions, and in particular the associated risks as set out in paragraph 14 of Appendix I of this Circular carefully. Receiving cash or New Shares as dividend under the Scrip Dividend Alternative shall both be deemed a repayment of capital. The precise tax consequences for a Shareholder receiving a cash dividend or electing to receive New Shares in lieu of a cash dividend will depend upon the Shareholder's own individual circumstances. If you are in any doubt about your tax position, you should consult your professional adviser before taking any action. The attention of Shareholders resident in any territory other than the Netherlands, Austria or Jersey (Foreign Shareholders) is drawn to paragraph 8 of Appendix I of this Circular. Action to be taken to make an election for the Scrip Dividend Alternative For Registered Shareholders: If you wish to elect to receive the Dividend in the form of New Shares rather than cash, you must complete the Form of Election in accordance with the instructions printed on it and return it to Aztec Financial Services (Jersey) Limited by e-mail to atriumaztecgroup.co.ukor by fax to +44 (0) 1534 833033 so that it is received by no later than 4.00 p.m. (CET) on 25 June 2021. For Euroclear Participants: If you are a Euroclear Participant you must make your election known through your account holding bank or broker (an Instruction) so that it is received by Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V. no later than 4.00 p.m. (CET) on 25 June 2021. Neither the Company nor Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V. shall be liable for any loss arising out of a failure of the instruction to be received by Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V. before aforementioned deadline. You should be aware that the price of shares can go down as well as up. If you are in any doubt about what course of action to take in relation to your shareholding, you should seek advice from a stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other independent professional adviser. Yours faithfully 3APPENDIX 1 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SCRIP DIVIDEND ALTERNATIVE 1. TERMS OF ELECTION Terms of election for the Scrip Dividend Alternative All Shareholders on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on the Record Date may elect to receive New Shares, credited as fully paid, instead of the cash dividend of 6.75€cents per Share otherwise payable on 30 June 2021 (the Dividend). All elections will be subject to fulfilment of the conditions specified in this Circular. An election by a Shareholder for the Scrip Dividend Alternative, once received, cannot be revoked or withdrawn. However, the Directors reserve the right at any time prior to Admission, and at their discretion, to withdraw the Scrip Dividend Alternative and pay the Dividend entirely in cash. Upon execution of (i) a Form of Election or (ii) an Instruction, either personally or on behalf of the relevant Shareholder, that Shareholder is deemed (in respect of himself, his heirs, successors and assigns) to agree to participate in the Scrip Dividend Alternative pursuant to these terms and conditions. 2. BASIS OF ALLOTMENT OF NEW SHARES The number of New Shares allotted to Shareholders that elect to receive the Scrip Dividend Alternative will be one New Share for every 44.5114 Shares held by the electing Shareholder. The exchange ratio has been calculated based on the volume weighted average price of Shares on Euronext Amsterdam and the Vienna Stock Exchange during the reference period from 2 June 2021 until 8 June 2021, minus the dividend of 6.75€ cents and a 2% discount set by the Directors, which amounts to €3.005. 3. FRACTIONAL ENTITLEMENTS No fraction of a New Share will be allotted. Any entitlement that results in a fractional New Share will be rounded down to the nearest whole number, with a cash payment to be made to the relevant Shareholder in respect of the fraction. 4. TAXATION Receiving cash or New Shares as dividend under the Scrip Dividend Alternative shall both be deemed a repayment of capital. The precise tax consequences for a Shareholder receiving a cash dividend or electing to receive New Shares in lieu of a cash dividend will depend upon the Shareholder's own individual circumstances. If you are in any doubt about your tax position, you should consult your professional adviser before taking any action. 5. HOW TO MAKE AN ELECTION For Registered Shareholders: If you are a Registered Shareholder (other than Euroclear Nederland B.V.) and wish to elect to receive the Dividend in the form of New Shares rather than cash, you must complete the Form of Election in accordance with the instructions printed on it and return it to Aztec Financial Services (Jersey) Limited at by e-mail to atriumaztecgroup.co.uk or by fax to +44 (0) 1534 833033 so that it is received by no later than 4.00 p.m.(CET) on 25 June 2021. For Euroclear Participants: If you are a Euroclear Participant you must make your election known through your account holding bank or broker so that it is received by Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V. no later than 4.00 p.m. (CET) 4on 25 June 2021. Neither the Company nor Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V. shall not be liable for any loss arising out of a failure of the instruction to be received by Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V. before aforementioned deadline. Nederlands Centraal Instituut Voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. (trading as Euroclear) (the Euroclear Nominee), as a Registered Shareholder, will submit a form of election in form and substance acceptable to the Company on behalf of all valid elections received by Euroclear Participants. 6. MULTIPLE AND JOINT SHAREHOLDINGS If a Shareholder's Shares are registered in more than one holding, then, unless such multiple shareholdings are consolidated before the date for final receipt of the Forms of Election, they will be treated as separate. As a result, separate Forms of Election will need to be completed for each holding. In respect of shareholdings held in joint names, all joint Shareholders must sign the Form of Election. 7. PARTIAL ELECTIONS Forms of Election and Instructions will only be accepted from Shareholders in respect of their entire holding of Shares. This notwithstanding that the Euroclear Nominee, as a Registered Shareholder, may make an election in respect of all or part of the Shares registered in its name to reflect the Instructions given by Euroclear Participants. 8. FOREIGN SHAREHOLDERS It is the responsibility of any Shareholder wishing to elect to receive New Shares under the Scrip Dividend Alternative to satisfy himself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant territory in connection with such election, including obtaining any requisite governmental or other consent or approval, observing any other requisite formalities and paying any issue, transfer or other taxes due in such territory. Shareholders who are in any doubt as to their position should consult a professional adviser. No person receiving this Circular and/or the Form of Election in any territory other than The Netherlands, Austria or Jersey may treat it as constituting an invitation or offer to elect to receive any shares, nor should he in any event use such Form of Election unless, in the relevant territory, such an invitation or offer could lawfully be made to him and such Form of Election could lawfully be used by him without contravention of any registration or other regulatory or legal requirement. In such circumstances, this Circular and/or the Form of Election are sent for information only, are confidential and should not be copied or distributed. The Company (acting in its absolute discretion) reserves the right to reject any election made for the Scrip Dividend Alternative that is made by or on behalf of a person outside The Netherlands, Austria or Jersey if it appears that the election may constitute a breach of any relevant securities legislation. Notwithstanding any other statement in this Circular, the Company reserves the right to permit a Shareholder to take up New Shares if the Company is satisfied (acting in its absolute discretion) that such action would not result in contravention of any applicable legal or regulatory requirements. This Circular does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy New Shares in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The distribution of this Circular and the offering, sale and delivery of the New Shares in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Circular comes are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. In particular, the New Shares have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States; subject to 5This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it, access the original document here.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.26,0.59,True,English,"['Atrium European Real Estate', 'Atrium European Real Estate Limited', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'ATRIUM EUROPEAN REAL ESTATE LIMITED', 'COMPANY ATRIUM EUROPEAN REAL ESTATE LIMITED', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Euroclear']","['Atrium European Real Estate', 'SCRIP DIVIDEND CIRCULAR Q2', 'COMPANY ATRIUM EUROPEAN REAL ESTATE LIMITED', 'regulated independent financial adviser', 'next annual general meeting', 'The Scrip Dividend Alternative', 'Scrip Dividend Alternative Shareholders', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Euroclear Book-Entry System', 'scrip dividend programme', 'SCRIP DIVIDEND Introduction', 'second quarterly 2021 dividend', 'nearest whole number', 'one New Share', 'fractional New Share', 'SCRIP DIVIDEND CIRCULAR', 'limited liability', 'quarterly dividend', 'exchange ratio', 'Scrip Shares', 'ordinary share', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'accompanying documents', 'other agent', 'St Helier', 'Dear Sirs', 'usual way', 'dilutive effect', 'electing Shareholder', 'average price', 'reference period', 'relevant Shareholder', 'Euroclear Participants', 'New Shares', 'registration number', 'Dilution Shareholders', 'Record Date', 'Registered Shareholders', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'this Circular', 'cash payment', 'Jersey) Law', '44.5114 Shares', 'doubt', 'contents', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'stockbroker', 'banker', 'sale', 'transmission', 'trading', 'Companies', 'terms', 'conditions', '30 June', 'timetable', 'relation', 'paragraph', 'Appendix', 'LETTER', 'CHAIRMAN', '26 March', 'approval', 'board', 'directors', 'opportunity', 'dividends', 'form', 'up', 'capital', 'details', 'cents', 'purpose', 'factors', 'decision', 'Rational', 'respect', 'extent', 'liquidity', 'issue', 'shareholdings', '4 May', 'members', 'close', 'business', '11 June', 'volume', '2 June', '8 June', '2% discount', 'entitlement', 'Applications', 'listing', 'Admission', 'right', 'discretion', 'election', 'interest', 'account', '6.75']",2021-06-09,marketscreener.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.investmentweek.co.uk/analysis/4032356/stuck-in-the-stone-age-investment-platforms-branded-prehistoric-amid-gamestop-agm-row,Stuck in the Stone Age? Investment platforms branded 'prehistoric' amid GameStop AGM row,"Cliff Weight, director of investor group Sharesoc, accused Hargreaves Lansdown of underinvesting in its technology and customer service.AJ Bell, Hargreaves Lansdown, Freetrade and Trading212 all offer access to US shares through their platforms but cannot facilitate voting.In fact, Hargreaves Lansdown upgraded its profit expectations in March after the Reddit forum WallStreetBets created a surge of trading around retailer GameStop and other US companies.Both AJ Bell and Hargreaves Lansdown use CREST as their provider, which is owned by Euroclear.""eToro is supporting GME voting for its 9 June AGM as a pilot,"" said a spokesperson for the business.","Cliff Weight, director of investor group Sharesoc, accused Hargreaves Lansdown of underinvesting in its technology and customer service.""Their platform is prehistoric, and they seem to treat customers as a source of profit rather than prioritising customer service,"" he said.Outraged investors took to social media in their hundreds last week to vent their frustration at being excluded from the AGM.""I have made a considerable investment into a company and as such my voice should count. Voting is an inherent right of a stockholder, of which I am one,"" J. Patel, a GME investor, told Investment Week.F&C: GameStop saga prompts Gen Z to invest for the first timeAt the GME AGM, which takes place on Wednesday (9 June), shareholders will have the opportunity to vote on the appointment of six directors, the compensation of the directors and the appointment of the accounting firm.AJ Bell, Hargreaves Lansdown, Freetrade and Trading212 all offer access to US shares through their platforms but cannot facilitate voting.Platforms have benefitted substantially this year from retail investors jumping on the GME bandwagon. In fact, Hargreaves Lansdown upgraded its profit expectations in March after the Reddit forum WallStreetBets created a surge of trading around retailer GameStop and other US companies.Technical difficultiesTo offer international equities, the platforms usually package the shares into a vehicle called a Credit Depositary Interest (CDI). Each CDI represents an interest in the underlying security, which are held on trust for clients.Investors in CDIs are not able to vote or attend a company meeting unless the underlying company contacts the CDI provider directly to facilitate that.Both AJ Bell and Hargreaves Lansdown use CREST as their provider, which is owned by Euroclear. CREST does not currently facilitate voting, but the platforms have been in touch to see if it could be offered in the future.Danny Cox, head of external relations at Hargreaves Lansdown, said part of the rationale is that in the past there had not been enough interest to make the facility available.A spokesperson from Euroclear echoed this: ""We appreciate that investors have an increasing desire to vote on corporate events in a broader range of markets.""We are actively working with our direct clients to establish what enhancements may be required in future, including potential for voting services on US securities.""Cannot always blame the CDIThe issue for Trading212 is slightly different and does not involve its CDI provider. Its problem stems from the fact it places its customers' orders in ""omnibuses"" and so the shares are not traded individually.This means it is unable to issue individual control numbers, which investors need to vote. However, the company highlighted that this ""is one of the main reasons they are able to maintain a commission-free broker service"".A spokesperson for Trading212 said it is ""working as hard as possible to find a way to allow voting rights in the future"".""We understand this is currently important for investors. However, we cannot provide a specific timeframe as to when this feature will be implemented in the current situation.""eToro is one platform that managed to facilitate voting for the GME AGM, despite holding the shares in CDIs.""eToro is supporting GME voting for its 9 June AGM as a pilot,"" said a spokesperson for the business. ""We are working to enable this feature on the platform but cannot guarantee that voting will be available for future GME events or other stocks on the platform.""r/WallStreetBets and the rise of the amateur traders: 1990s repeat or the new market reality?All eligible GME shareholders were sent a personalised email with links that allowed them to place their vote.The fact eToro managed a workaround while other platforms did not is partly what spurred investors to take to social media.""Other non-US brokers have managed to facilitate this so it raises the question as to why HL cannot. This should not be seen as a service HL offer; [it is] more of a right,"" said Patel.Buying directinteractive investor also managed to facilitate voting, however, since it does not hold international equities on CDIs, instead trading directly on markets.""Customers get the benefit of live local market prices rather than a watered-down UK version,"" explained Jemma Jackson, head of PR at the platform.""The other benefit is that we are dealing with custodians who are operating directly in those markets, which means there is not a long chain of third parties and cross-border activities necessary to effect a corporate action,"" she said.While interactive investor does not have the online facility for overseas shares, voting customers were still able to vote if they got in touch with the platform.The future of platformsAlthough the conversation was sparked by GME's AGM, the theme of allowing investors the ability to participate in corporate voting overseas is not one that is going anywhere anytime soon.Mike Barrett, consulting director at the lang cat, highlighted that investors need to look at the detail of the various services platforms provide and how this impacts charges.""This is especially important if investors might be seeking to trade frequently and are looking to participate in AGMs,"" he said.""Some investors might be happy with simply buying and holding their chosen companies, but anyone wanting to vote, especially in non-UK equities might find their options are limited.""",negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,mixed,0.24,0.15,0.61,True,English,"['GameStop', 'Sharesoc', 'Hargreaves Lansdown', 'GME', 'Investment Week', 'F&C', 'AJ Bell', 'Hargreaves Lansdown', 'Freetrade', 'Trading212', 'GME', 'Hargreaves Lansdown', 'Reddit', 'GameStop', 'AJ Bell', 'Hargreaves Lansdown', 'CREST', 'Euroclear', 'CREST', 'Hargreaves Lansdown', 'Euroclear', 'CDI', 'Trading212', 'Trading212', 'GME', 'CDIs', 'eToro', 'GME', 'WallStreetBets', 'GME', 'eToro', 'HL', 'GME', 'lang cat']","['GameStop AGM row', 'Stone Age', 'Investment platforms', 'Stuck', 'live local market prices', 'new market reality', 'Reddit forum WallStreetBets', 'individual control numbers', 'commission-free broker service', 'other US companies', 'service HL offer', 'eligible GME shareholders', 'future GME events', 'customer service', 'corporate events', 'US securities', 'other stocks', 'US brokers', 'Cliff Weight', 'investor group', 'Hargreaves Lansdown', 'social media', 'considerable investment', 'GME investor', 'Investment Week', 'F&C', 'Gen Z', 'first time', 'Wednesday (9 June', 'accounting firm', 'AJ Bell', 'GME bandwagon', 'Technical difficulties', 'international equities', 'Credit Depositary', 'underlying security', 'Danny Cox', 'external relations', 'increasing desire', 'broader range', 'main reasons', 'specific timeframe', 'current situation', 'amateur traders', '1990s repeat', 'personalised email', 'interactive investor', 'UK version', 'Jemma Jackson', 'long chain', 'third parties', 'cross-border activities', 'corporate action', 'Mike Barrett', 'lang cat', 'other benefit', 'US shares', 'GME AGM', '9 June AGM', 'inherent right', 'J. Patel', 'GameStop saga', 'six directors', 'profit expectations', 'company meeting', 'underlying company', 'enough interest', ""customers' orders"", 'online facility', 'consulting director', 'other platforms', 'voting services', 'voting rights', 'overseas shares', 'corporate voting', 'Outraged investors', 'retail investors', 'one platform', 'CDI provider', 'direct clients', 'voting customers', 'Sharesoc', 'technology', 'source', 'hundreds', 'frustration', 'voice', 'stockholder', 'place', 'opportunity', 'appointment', 'compensation', 'Freetrade', 'Trading212', 'access', 'fact', 'March', 'surge', 'retailer', 'vehicle', 'trust', 'CDIs', 'CREST', 'Euroclear', 'touch', 'head', 'rationale', 'past', 'spokesperson', 'markets', 'enhancements', 'potential', 'issue', 'problem', 'omnibuses', 'way', 'feature', 'eToro', 'pilot', 'business', 'r/WallStreetBets', 'rise', 'links', 'vote', 'workaround', 'non', 'question', 'custodians', 'conversation', 'theme', 'ability']",2021-06-07,investmentweek.co.uk,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2021/06/07/2242416/0/en/Pegasus-Europe-Information-regarding-Unit-replacement.html,Pegasus Europe – Information regarding Unit replacement,"Unit Holders can request to replace their Units by sending a notice to ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (""ABN AMRO"") via their financial intermediary who will receive this notice as Unit Conversion Agent on behalf of Pegasus.The notice of Unit replacement can be found on www.pegasuseurope.com/investor-relations.Unit Holders must also simultaneously deliver the number of Units requested to be replaced with matching instructions to ABN AMRO, BIC: ABNANL2AAGS,T2S NECIABNANL2AAGS000L10, Euroclear Account ESGP: 28001, Security account: 608060119.The Company will not be registered in the United States as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940.When made generally available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained at no cost from the Company or through the website of the Company.","AMSTERDAM, June 07, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V. (“Pegasus”), the Special Purpose Acquisition Company focused on opportunities in the European financial services industry, reminds holders of Pegasus Units (symbol: PACEU) that, as of 09:00 CEST today, they will have the option to continue to hold and trade Units, or replace their Units with Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants.Unit Holders can request to replace their Units by sending a notice to ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (""ABN AMRO"") via their financial intermediary who will receive this notice as Unit Conversion Agent on behalf of Pegasus. The notice of Unit replacement can be found on www.pegasuseurope.com/investor-relations.Unit Holders must also simultaneously deliver the number of Units requested to be replaced with matching instructions to ABN AMRO, BIC: ABNANL2AAGS,T2S NECIABNANL2AAGS000L10, Euroclear Account ESGP: 28001, Security account: 608060119.Upon receipt of the Units, ABN AMRO will deliver the Warrants (free of payment); and the Class A Ordinary Shares will be delivered upon payment of the Unit Conversion Fee (€0.005 per conversion of one Unit, with a minimum of €50 per Unit conversion instruction) on a Delivery versus Payment basis.Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.VInvestor Relations: irpegasuseurope.comMedia Relations (FinElk): pegasusfinelk.euCornelia Schnepf / Robin Haddrill: +44 7387 108 998 / +44 7920 016 203General Enquiries: infopegasuseurope.comAbout PegasusPegasus is a Special Purpose Acquisition Company focused on the European financial services sector, founded by Tikehau Capital, Financière Agache and two of Europe’s most experienced bankers. Pegasus is targeting businesses in the European financial services industry, with a primary focus on scalable platforms offering strong growth potential that could be accelerated with access to capital and strategic guidance.Jean Pierre Mustier and Diego De Giorgi are Operating Partners and Sponsors, combining their unparalleled operational and deal making financial sector experience, as well as long-term managerial, risk and governance expertise.Pegasus draws upon the deep resources of Tikehau Capital and Financière Agache, who both bring extensive investment, due diligence, operational, regulatory and capital raising experience to support our business combination partner and help it to achieve long-term success as a public company.DisclaimerThese materials are not for release, distribution or publication, whether directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part, in or into the United States (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended Canada, Australia, Japan or South Africa or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction.These materials are for information purposes only and are not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy the securities of Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V. (the ""Company"", and such securities, the ""Securities"") in the United States, Canada, Australia, Japan or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.This announcement is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the United States. The Company will not be registered in the United States as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States.In the United Kingdom, this document and any other materials in relation to the Securities is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, and any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to, and will be engaged in only with, ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) and who are also (i) persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of ""investment professionals"" in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”); or (ii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Persons who are not relevant persons should not take any action on the basis of this document and should not act or rely on it.In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”), no Units, Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants have been offered or will be offered in that relevant Member State, except that an offer to the public in that relevant Member State of any of the Units, the Class A Ordinary Shares or the Warrants may be made at any time to to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation, provided that no such offer of Units, Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants shall require the Company to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.The Units, the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (as amended or superseded, the ‘Insurance Distribution Directive’), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the ‘PRIIPs Regulation’) for offering or selling the Units or the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Units or the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.The Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in Directive (EU) 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended) and implemented in the United Kingdom as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MIFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in UK MIFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Units and the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Units and the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.No action has been taken by the Company that would permit an offer of Securities or the possession or distribution of these materials or any other offering or publicity material relating to such Securities in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.The release, publication or distribution of these materials in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and therefore persons in such jurisdictions into which they are released, published or distributed, should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.This announcement does not constitute a prospectus. An offer to acquire Securities pursuant to the proposed offering will be made, and any investor should make his investment, solely on the basis of information that will be contained in the prospectus to be made generally available in the Netherlands in connection with such offering. When made generally available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained at no cost from the Company or through the website of the Company.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.22,0.76,True,English,"['Pegasus Europe', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V.', 'Pegasus', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'ABN AMRO', 'Pegasus', 'ABN AMRO', 'ABN AMRO', 'Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V', 'FinElk', 'Pegasus', 'Pegasus', 'Tikehau Capital', 'Financière Agache', 'Pegasus', 'Pegasus', 'Tikehau Capital', 'Financière Agache', 'Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V.', 'EU', 'European Union']","['Pegasus Europe', 'Unit replacement', 'Information', 'Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V.', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Special Purpose Acquisition Company', 'high net worth entities', 'European financial services industry', 'European financial services sector', 'Class A Ordinary Shares', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'financial sector experience', 'Financière Agache', 'strong growth potential', 'Jean Pierre Mustier', 'Diego De Giorgi', 'business combination partner', 'long-term managerial, risk', 'Unit Conversion Agent', 'Unit Conversion Fee', 'Unit conversion instruction', 'Financial Promotion) Order', 'capital raising experience', 'public company', 'The Company', 'European Union', 'Regulation S', 'Markets Act', 'financial intermediary', 'professional experience', 'long-term success', 'Unit replacement', 'one Unit', 'extensive investment', 'investment activity', 'investment professionals', 'Unit Holders', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'matching instructions', 'T2S NECIABNANL2AAGS000L10', 'Account ESGP', 'Security account', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Robin Haddrill', 'General Enquiries', 'Tikehau Capital', 'experienced bankers', 'primary focus', 'scalable platforms', 'strategic guidance', 'Operating Partners', 'unparalleled operational', 'deal making', 'governance expertise', 'deep resources', 'due diligence', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'relevant laws', 'information purposes', 'public offering', 'United Kingdom', 'qualified investors', 'domestic law', 'Pegasus Units', 'securities laws', 'The Securities', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'other jurisdiction', 'relevant persons', 'Payment basis', 'other materials', 'AMSTERDAM', 'opportunities', 'reminds', 'symbol', 'PACEU', 'option', 'Warrants', 'notice', 'behalf', 'www', 'pegasuseurope', 'investor-relations', 'number', 'BIC', 'receipt', 'minimum', 'Delivery', 'FinElk', 'businesses', 'access', 'Sponsors', 'regulatory', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'distribution', 'publication', 'Rule', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'violation', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'registration', 'exemption', 'qualification', 'announcement', 'document', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'matters', 'investments', 'definition', 'invitation', 'agreement', '09:00']",2021-06-07,globenewswire.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B5+ALABAMA+POWER+CO/18527428.html,Form 424B5 ALABAMA POWER CO,"Series 2021A % Senior Notesdue ,__________________________________________This is a public offering by Alabama Power Company of $ of Series 2021A % Senior Notes due , (the “Series 2021A Senior Notes”).Alabama Power Company may redeem the Series 2021A Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at redemption prices as described under the caption “Description of the Series 2021A Senior Notes — Optional Redemption.”The Series 2021A Senior Notes will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Alabama Power Company, ranking equally with all of Alabama Power Company’s other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding, and will be effectively subordinated to all secured indebtedness of Alabama Power Company.It is expected that delivery of the Series 2021A Senior Notes will be made, against payment for the Series 2021A Senior Notes, on or about June , 2021, which will be the business day following the pricing of the Series 2021A Senior Notes.The Class A Preferred Stock ranks on a parity as to dividends and assets with the outstanding Preferred Stock and has the same general rights and preferences as the outstanding Preferred Stock.Dividends on the Preferred Stock and Class A Preferred Stock must have been or be contemporaneously declared and set apart for payment, or paid, on the Preferred Stock and Class A Preferred Stock of all classes for all dividend periods terminating on the same or an earlier date (Charter — A.","Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5)Registration No. 333-236595This Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus relate to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, but the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement is not complete and may be changed. This Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.SUBJECT TO COMPLETIONPRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED JUNE 7, 2021PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT(To Prospectus dated February 24, 2020)$ .Series 2021A % Senior Notesdue ,__________________________________________This is a public offering by Alabama Power Company of $ of Series 2021A % Senior Notes due , (the “Series 2021A Senior Notes”). Interest on the Series 2021A Senior Notes is payable semiannually in arrears on and of each year, beginning , .Alabama Power Company may redeem the Series 2021A Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at redemption prices as described under the caption “Description of the Series 2021A Senior Notes — Optional Redemption.”The Series 2021A Senior Notes will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Alabama Power Company, ranking equally with all of Alabama Power Company’s other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding, and will be effectively subordinated to all secured indebtedness of Alabama Power Company.See “RISK FACTORS” on page S-3 for a description of certain risks associated with investing in the Series 2021A Senior Notes.Per Series2021A Senior Note Total Initial Public Offering Price (1) % $ Underwriting Discount % $ Proceeds, before expenses, to Alabama Power Company % $(1) Plus accrued interest, if any, from the date of original issuance of the Series 2021A Senior Notes, which is expected to be June , 2021.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this Prospectus Supplement or the accompanying Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.The Series 2021A Senior Notes are expected to be delivered on or about June , 2021 through the book-entry facilities of The Depository Trust Company for the accounts of its participants, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg._____________________________________________________Joint Book-Running ManagersBarclays BofA Securities J.P. Morgan Morgan Stanley PNC Capital Markets LLCCo-ManagersBBVA FHN Financial Securities Corp. Regions Securities LLC Synovus Securities, Inc.June , 2021No dealer, salesperson or other person is authorized to give any information or to represent anything not contained in this Prospectus Supplement, the accompanying Prospectus or any written communication from Alabama Power Company or the underwriters specifying the final terms of the offering. Neither Alabama Power Company nor any underwriter takes any responsibility for, nor can it provide any assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This Prospectus Supplement, the accompanying Prospectus and any written communication from Alabama Power Company or the underwriters specifying the final terms of the offering is an offer to sell only the Series 2021A Senior Notes offered hereby, and only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information incorporated by reference or contained in this Prospectus Supplement, the accompanying Prospectus and any written communication from Alabama Power Company or the underwriters specifying the final terms of the offering is current only as of its respective date.TABLE OF CONTENTSPage Prospectus Supplement Risk Factors S-3 The Company S-3 Available Information S-3 Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference S-3 Selected Financial Information S-3 Use of Proceeds S-4 Description of the Series 2021A Senior Notes S-4 Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations for Non-United States Holders S-8 Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) S-11 Legal Matters S-16 Experts S-16 Prospectus About this Prospectus 2 Risk Factors 2 Available Information 2 Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference 2 Alabama Power Company 3 Selected Information 3 Use of Proceeds 4 Description of the Class A Preferred Stock 4 Description of the Preference Stock 6 Description of the Senior Notes 7 Description of the Junior Subordinated Notes 10 Plan of Distribution 14 Legal Matters 14 Experts 14S-2RISK FACTORSInvesting in the Series 2021A Senior Notes involves risk. Please see the risk factors in Alabama Power Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (the “Form 10-K”), which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus.THE COMPANYAlabama Power Company (the “Company”) is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Alabama on November 10, 1927, by the consolidation of a predecessor Alabama Power Company, Gulf Electric Company and Houston Power Company. The Company has its principal office at 600 North 18th Street, Birmingham, Alabama 35291, telephone (205) 257-1000. The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Southern Company. The Company’s internet address is  The information on the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and should not be considered to be a part of this Prospectus Supplement.The Company is a regulated public utility engaged in the generation, purchase, transmission and distribution of electric energy and the sale of electric service within an approximately 45,000 square mile service area comprising most of the State of Alabama.AVAILABLE INFORMATIONThe Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), and in accordance with the 1934 Act files reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding registrants, including the Company, that file electronically at  Only the Company’s SEC filings referenced below are incorporated by reference herein.INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCEThe following documents have been filed with the SEC pursuant to the 1934 Act and are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and made a part of this Prospectus Supplement:All documents filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act subsequent to the date of this Prospectus Supplement and prior to the termination of this offering shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and made a part of this Prospectus Supplement from the date of filing of such documents; provided, however, that the Company is not incorporating any information furnished under Item 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K unless specifically stated otherwise. Any statement contained in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this Prospectus Supplement to the extent that a statement contained in this Prospectus Supplement or in any other subsequently filed document which also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Prospectus Supplement.SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThe following selected financial data for the years ended December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2020 has been derived from the Company’s audited financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. The following selected financial data for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017 has been derived from the Company’s audited financial statements and related notes, which are not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement. The following selected financial data as of and for the three months ended March 31,S-32021 has been derived from the Company’s unaudited financial statements and related notes, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. The information set forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to and, therefore, should be read together with management’s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition, the financial statements and related notes and other financial information incorporated by reference in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus. The information set forth below does not reflect the issuance of the Series 2021A Senior Notes offered hereby or the use of proceeds therefrom. See “Use of Proceeds” in this Prospectus Supplement.Year Ended December 31, Three MonthsEndedMarch 31, 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021(1) (Millions) Operating Revenues $ 5,889 $ 6,039 $ 6,032 $ 6,125 $ 5,830 $ 1,559 Earnings Before Income Taxes 1,370 1,434 1,236 1,355 1,502 473 Net Income After Dividends on Preferred and Preference Stock 822 848 930 1,070 1,150 359CapitalizationAs of March 31, 2021 (Millions, except Percentages) Common Stockholder’s Equity $ 10,526 55.8 % Redeemable Preferred Stock 291 1.5 Senior Notes 6,875 36.4 Other Long-term Debt 1,180 6.3 Total, excluding amounts due within one year of $815 million $ 18,872 100.0 %(1) Due to seasonal variations in demand for energy and other factors, including the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2021 do not necessarily indicate operating results for the entire year.USE OF PROCEEDSThe net proceeds from the sale of the Series 2021A Senior Notes will be used by the Company to repay all or a portion of the Company’s outstanding commercial paper borrowings, which aggregated approximately $150,000,000 as of June 4, 2021, and for the redemption of the $206,186,000 aggregate principal amount of the Company’s Series E Junior Subordinated Notes due October 1, 2042 (the “Series E Junior Subordinated Notes”). Any remaining proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes, including the Company’s continuous construction program.The Series E Junior Subordinated Notes bear interest at a floating rate (3.30163% per annum at May 31, 2021). The Series E Junior Subordinated Notes are held by Alabama Power Capital Trust V (the “Trust”). The Company is the sole holder of the common securities of the Trust. The Trust has issued to the public Flexible Trust Preferred Securities, guaranteed by the Company. Distributions on the Flexible Trust Preferred Securities are at the same rate as interest on the Series E Junior Subordinated Notes. Upon the completion of the redemption of the Series E Junior Subordinated Notes, the redemption proceeds received by the Trust will be applied to the simultaneous redemption of the Flexible Trust Preferred Securities.DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES 2021A SENIOR NOTESSet forth below is a description of the specific terms of the Series 2021A % Senior Notes due , . This description supplements, and should be read together with, the description of the general terms and provisions of the senior notes set forth in the accompanying Prospectus under the caption “Description of the Senior Notes.” The following description does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the description in the accompanying Prospectus and the Senior Note Indenture dated as of December 1, 1997, as heretofore supplemented and as further supplemented and amended from time to time (the “Senior Note Indenture”), between the Company and Regions Bank, as successor trustee (the “Senior Note Indenture Trustee”).S-4GeneralThe Series 2021A Senior Notes will be issued as a series of senior notes under the Senior Note Indenture. The Series 2021A Senior Notes will initially be issued in the aggregate principal amount of $ . The Company may, at any time and without the consent of the holders of the Series 2021A Senior Notes, issue additional notes having the same ranking and the same interest rate, maturity and other terms as the Series 2021A Senior Notes (except for the public offering price and issue date and the initial interest accrual date and initial Interest Payment Date (as defined below), if applicable). Any additional notes having such similar terms, together with the Series 2021A Senior Notes, will constitute a single series of senior notes under the Senior Note Indenture.Unless earlier redeemed, the entire principal amount of the Series 2021A Senior Notes will mature and become due and payable, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, on , . The Series 2021A Senior Notes are not subject to any sinking fund provision. The Series 2021A Senior Notes are available for purchase in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.InterestEach Series 2021A Senior Note will bear interest at the rate of % per annum (the “Securities Rate”) from the date of original issuance, payable semiannually in arrears on and of each year (each, an “Interest Payment Date”) to the person in whose name such Series 2021A Senior Note is registered at the close of business on the fifteenth calendar day prior to such Interest Payment Date (whether or not a Business Day). The initial Interest Payment Date is , . The amount of interest payable will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. In the event that any date on which interest is payable on the Series 2021A Senior Notes is not a Business Day, then payment of the interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay), with the same force and effect as if made on such date. “Business Day” means a day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday, (ii) a day on which banks in New York, New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to remain closed or (iii) a day on which the Senior Note Indenture Trustee’s corporate trust office is closed for business.RankingThe Series 2021A Senior Notes will be direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company, ranking equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company from time to time outstanding. The Series 2021A Senior Notes will be effectively subordinated to all secured indebtedness of the Company. As of March 31, 2021, the Company had approximately $5 million of secured indebtedness, which represented outstanding finance lease obligations secured by the underlying lease right-of-use assets. The Senior Note Indenture contains no restrictions on the amount of additional indebtedness that may be incurred by the Company.Optional RedemptionAt any time and from time to time prior to , (the “Par Call Date”), the Series 2021A Senior Notes will be subject to redemption at the option of the Company in whole or in part upon not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice, at redemption prices equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Series 2021A Senior Notes being redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal of and interest on the Series 2021A Senior Notes being redeemed (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the redemption date) from the redemption date to the Par Call Date discounted (for purposes of determining present value) to the redemption date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at a discount rate equal to the Treasury Yield (as defined below) plus basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the Series 2021A Senior Notes being redeemed to the redemption date. At any time and from time to time on or after the Par Call Date, the Series 2021A Senior Notes will be subject to redemption at the option of the Company in whole or in part upon not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Series 2021A Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Series 2021A Senior Notes being redeemed to the redemption date.Any redemption of the Series 2021A Senior Notes may be conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more conditions precedent.“Treasury Yield” means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semiannual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.S-5“Comparable Treasury Issue” means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Series 2021A Senior Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Series 2021A Senior Notes.“Comparable Treasury Price” means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of the Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations or (ii) if the Company obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.“Independent Investment Banker” means an independent investment banking institution of national standing appointed by the Company.“Reference Treasury Dealer” means a primary United States Government securities dealer in the United States appointed by the Company.“Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation” means, with respect to a Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Company, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount and quoted in writing to the Company by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m. on the third Business Day in New York City preceding such redemption date).If notice of redemption is given as aforesaid, the Series 2021A Senior Notes so to be redeemed will, on the redemption date (subject, in the case of a conditional redemption, to the satisfaction of all conditions precedent), become due and payable at the applicable redemption price described above together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and from and after such date (unless the Company has defaulted in such payment of the redemption price and accrued interest) such Series 2021A Senior Notes shall cease to bear interest. If any Series 2021A Senior Note called for redemption shall not be paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal shall, until paid, bear interest from the redemption date at the Securities Rate. See “Description of the Senior Notes — Events of Default” in the accompanying Prospectus.Subject to the foregoing and to applicable law (including, without limitation, United States federal securities laws), the Company or its affiliates may, at any time and from time to time, purchase outstanding Series 2021A Senior Notes by tender offer, in the open market or by private agreement.Information Concerning the Senior Note Indenture TrusteeThe Company and certain of its affiliates maintain deposit accounts and banking relationships with Regions Bank. Regions Bank also serves as trustee under other indentures pursuant to which securities of the Company and certain affiliates of the Company are outstanding. An affiliate of the Senior Note Indenture Trustee, Regions Securities LLC, is also acting as an underwriter in this offering.Book-Entry Only Issuance — The Depository Trust CompanyThe Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) will act as the initial securities depository for the Series 2021A Senior Notes. The Series 2021A Senior Notes offered hereby will be issued only as fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co., DTC’s nominee, or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. One or more fully registered global Series 2021A Senior Notes certificates will be issued, representing in the aggregate the total principal amount of Series 2021A Senior Notes, and will be deposited with the Senior Note Indenture Trustee on behalf of DTC. Investors may hold interests in the Series 2021A Senior Notes offered hereby through DTC if they are participants in DTC or indirectly through organizations that are participants in DTC, including Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear system, or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg (“Clearstream”).DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the 1934 Act. DTC holds and provides asset servicing for over 3.5 million issues of United States and non-United States equity issues, corporate and municipal debt issues and money market instruments (from over 100 countries) that DTC’s participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited securities, through electronic computerized book-entry transfers and pledges between Direct Participants’ accounts. This eliminates the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include both United States and non-United States securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulatedS-6subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as both United States and non-United States securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants”). The DTC rules applicable to its Direct and Indirect Participants are on file with the SEC. More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com. The contents of such website do not constitute part of this Prospectus Supplement.Purchases of Series 2021A Senior Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for the Series 2021A Senior Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each Series 2021A Senior Note (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchases. Beneficial Owners, however, are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transactions, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participants through which the Beneficial Owners purchased Series 2021A Senior Notes. Transfers of ownership interests in the Series 2021A Senior Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in Series 2021A Senior Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the Series 2021A Senior Notes is discontinued.To facilitate subsequent transfers, all Series 2021A Senior Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the name of DTC’s nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of Series 2021A Senior Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee do not effect any changes in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Series 2021A Senior Notes. DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such Series 2021A Senior Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers.Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.Redemption notices will be sent to DTC. If less than all of the Series 2021A Senior Notes are being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of interest of each Direct Participant in such Series 2021A Senior Notes to be redeemed.Although voting with respect to the Series 2021A Senior Notes is limited, in those cases where a vote is required, neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to the Series 2021A Senior Notes unless authorized by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Company as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the Series 2021A Senior Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy).Payments on the Series 2021A Senior Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Company or the Senior Note Indenture Trustee on the relevant payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC’s records. Payments by Direct or Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the account of customers registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of such Direct or Indirect Participant and not of DTC or the Company, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment to Cede & Co. (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility of the Company, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants.Except as provided herein, a Beneficial Owner of a global Series 2021A Senior Note will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of Series 2021A Senior Notes. Accordingly, each Beneficial Owner must rely on the procedures of DTC to exercise any rights under the Series 2021A Senior Notes. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Such laws may impair the ability to transfer beneficial interests in a global Series 2021A Senior Note.DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depository with respect to the Series 2021A Senior Notes at any time by giving reasonable notice to the Company. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor securities depository is not obtained, Series 2021A Senior Notes certificates will be required to be printed and delivered to the holders of record. Additionally, the Company may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry transfers through DTC (or a successorS-7securities depository) with respect to the Series 2021A Senior Notes. The Company understands, however, that under current industry practices, DTC would notify its Direct and Indirect Participants of the Company’s decision, but will only withdraw beneficial interests from a global Series 2021A Senior Note at the request of each Direct or Indirect Participant. In that event, certificates for the Series 2021A Senior Notes will be printed and delivered to the applicable Direct or Indirect Participant.The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC’s book-entry system has been obtained from sources that the Company believes to be reliable, but neither the Company nor any underwriter takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Neither the Company nor any underwriter has any responsibility for the performance by DTC or its Direct or Indirect Participants of their respective obligations as described herein or under the rules and procedures governing their respective operations.Global Clearance and Settlement ProceduresSecondary market trading between Clearstream participants and/or Euroclear system participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable rules and operating procedures of Clearstream and the Euroclear system, as applicable.Cross-market transfers between persons holding directly or indirectly through DTC on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream participants or Euroclear system participants on the other, will be effected through DTC in accordance with DTC rules on behalf of the relevant European international clearing system by its United States depositary; however, such cross-market transactions will require delivery of instructions to the relevant European international clearing system by the counterparty in such system in accordance with its rules and procedures and within its established deadlines (European time). The relevant European international clearing system will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to its United States depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving securities in DTC, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for same-day funds settlement applicable to DTC. Clearstream participants and Euroclear system participants may not deliver instructions directly to their respective United States depositaries.Because of time-zone differences, credits of Series 2021A Senior Notes received in Clearstream or the Euroclear system as a result of a transaction with a DTC participant will be made during subsequent securities settlement processing and dated the business day following the DTC settlement date. Such credits or any transactions in such Series 2021A Senior Notes settled during such processing will be reported to the relevant Clearstream participant or Euroclear system participant on such business day. Cash received in Clearstream or the Euroclear system as a result of sales of the Series 2021A Senior Notes by or through a Clearstream participant or a Euroclear system participant to a DTC participant will be received with value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in the relevant Clearstream or the Euroclear system cash account only as of the business day following settlement in DTC.CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR NON-UNITED STATES HOLDERSThe following summary describes certain United States (“U.S.”) federal income tax considerations relevant to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the Series 2021A Senior Notes, and insofar as it relates to matters of U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations or legal conclusions with respect thereto, constitutes the opinion of the Company’s tax counsel, Balch & Bingham LLP. The following discussion does not purport to be a complete analysis of all potential U.S. federal income tax considerations. This discussion only applies to Series 2021A Senior Notes that are held as capital assets, within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and that are purchased in the initial offering at the initial offering price, by Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below). This summary is based on the Code, administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and regulations of the Treasury Department, changes to any of which subsequent to the date of this Prospectus Supplement may affect the tax consequences described herein. This discussion does not describe all of the U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to Non-U.S. Holders in light of their particular circumstances or to Non-U.S. Holders subject to special rules, such as certain financial institutions, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, “controlled foreign corporations”, “passive foreign investment companies”, partnerships or other pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, traders or dealers in securities or commodities, persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income with respect to the Series 2021A Senior Notes being taken into account in an applicable financial statement, persons holding Series 2021A Senior Notes as part of a hedge or other integrated transaction, certain former citizens or residents of the U.S., or foreign persons eligible for benefits under an applicable income tax treaty with the U.S.The Company has not and will not seek any rulings or opinions from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) with respect to the matters discussed below. There can be no assurance that the IRS will not take a different position concerning theS-8tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Series 2021A Senior Notes or that any such position would not be sustained.For purposes of this summary, a “Non-U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of a Series 2021A Senior Note (other than a partnership) that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is not (i) an individual that is a citizen or resident of the U.S.; (ii) a corporation or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is created or organized under the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; (iv) an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership; or (v) a trust if (A) a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary control over its administration and one or more U.S. persons, within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (a “U.S. Person”), have the authority to control all substantial decisions of such trust, or (B) the trust has made an election under the applicable Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. Person. If a partnership, or other entity or arrangement treated as a pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, beneficially owns the Series 2021A Senior Notes, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership or an owner of the other pass-through entity will generally depend upon the status of the partner or owner and the activities of the partnership or other pass-through entity. Any partnership, partners in such partnership or owner of another pass-through entity that beneficially own the Series 2021A Senior Notes should consult its own tax advisors as to the particular U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the Series 2021A Senior Notes applicable to it.InterestIt is anticipated, and this discussion assumes, that the Series 2021A Senior Notes will not be issued with more than a de minimis amount of original issue discount. Except if interest on the Series 2021A Senior Notes is effectively connected with the conduct by a Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business within the United States, and subject to the back-up withholding and Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) summary below, a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on payments of interest on the Series 2021A Senior Notes provided that such Non-U.S. Holder (A) does not directly or indirectly, actually or constructively, own 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of the Company’s stock entitled to vote, (B) is not a controlled foreign corporation that is related to the Company directly or constructively through stock ownership, (C) is not a bank receiving such interest on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, and (D) satisfies certain certification requirements. Such certification requirements will be met if (x) the Non-U.S. Holder provides its name and address, and certifies on an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or a substantially similar form), under penalties of perjury, that it is not a U.S. Person or (y) a securities clearing organization or certain other financial institutions holding the Series 2021A Senior Notes on behalf of the Non-U.S. Holder certifies on IRS Form W-8IMY, under penalties of perjury, that such certification has been received by it and furnishes the Company or its paying agent with a copy thereof. In addition, the Company or its paying agent must not have actual knowledge or reason to know that the beneficial owner of the Series 2021A Senior Notes is a U.S. Person.If interest on the Series 2021A Senior Notes is not effectively connected with the conduct by the Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business within the U.S., but such Non-U.S. Holder does not satisfy the other requirements outlined in the preceding paragraph, interest on the Series 2021A Senior Notes generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a 30% rate (or a lower applicable treaty rate).If interest on the Series 2021A Senior Notes is effectively connected with the conduct by a Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business within the U.S., and, if certain tax treaties apply, is attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base within the U.S., the Non-U.S. Holder generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at the rate applicable to U.S. Persons generally (and, with respect to corporate Non-U.S. Holders, may also be subject to a 30% branch profits tax (or a lower applicable treaty branch profits tax rate)). If interest is effectively connected with the conduct by a Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business within the U.S., such interest payments will not be subject to U.S. withholding tax if the Non-U.S. Holder provides the Company or its paying agent with the appropriate documentation (generally an IRS Form W-8ECI).Sale or Other Taxable Disposition of the Series 2021A Senior NotesSubject to the backup withholding summary below, a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax with respect to gain, if any, recognized on the sale or other taxable disposition of the Series 2021A Senior Notes. A Non-U.S. Holder will also generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to such gain, unless (i) the gain is effectively connected with the conduct by such Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business within the U.S., and, if certain tax treaties apply, is attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base within the U.S., or (ii) in the case of a Non-U.S. Holder that is a nonresident alien individual, such Non-U.S. Holder is present in the U.S. for 183 or more days in the taxable year of the disposition and certain other conditions are satisfied. In the case described in (i) above, gain or loss recognized onS-9the disposition of such Series 2021A Senior Notes generally will be subject to U.S. federal income taxation in the same manner as if such gain or loss were recognized by a U.S. Person, and, in the case of a Non-U.S. Holder that is a foreign corporation, may also be subject to the branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or a lower applicable treaty branch profits tax rate). In the case described in (ii) above, the Non-U.S. Holder will be subject to a 30% tax (or lower applicable treaty rate) on any capital gain recognized on the disposition of the Series 2021A Senior Notes (after being offset by certain U.S. source capital losses).Information Reporting and Backup WithholdingInformation returns will be filed annually with the IRS in connection with the Company’s payment of interest on the Series 2021A Senior Notes. Copies of these information returns may also be made available under the provisions of a specific tax treaty or other agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which the Non-U.S. Holder resides. Unless the Non-U.S. Holder complies with certification procedures to establish that it is not a U.S. Person, information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of the Series 2021A Senior Notes, and the Non-U.S. Holder may be subject to backup withholding tax (currently at a rate of 24%) on payments of interest on the Series 2021A Senior Notes or on the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of the Series 2021A Senior Notes. The certification procedures required to claim the exemption from withholding tax on interest described above will satisfy the certification requirements necessary to avoid the backup withholding tax as well. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a Non-U.S. Holder may be allowed as a credit against the Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability or may entitle the Non-U.S. Holder to a refund, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS in a timely manner.Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act WithholdingUnder FATCA and additional guidance issued by the IRS, a U.S. federal withholding tax of 30% generally will apply to interest on a debt obligation paid to (i) a foreign financial institution (as a beneficial owner or as an intermediary), unless such institution enters into an agreement with the U.S. government to collect and provide to the U.S. tax authorities substantial information regarding U.S. account holders of such institution (which would include certain equity and debt holders of such institution, as well as certain account holders that are foreign entities with U.S. owners), or (ii) a foreign entity that is not a financial institution (as a beneficial owner or as an intermediary), unless such entity provides the withholding agent with a certification identifying the substantial U.S. owners of the entity, which generally includes any U.S. Person who directly or indirectly owns more than 10% of the entity. Certain Non-U.S. Holders located in a jurisdiction with an applicable intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. governing FATCA may be subject to different rules. The Company will not be obligated to pay any additional amounts to “gross up” payments to holders as a result of any withholding or deduction for such taxes. Non-U.S. Holders are encouraged to consult with their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of the FATCA withholding rules on their investment in the Series 2021A Senior Notes.Persons considering the purchase of Series 2021A Senior Notes are urged to consult their tax advisors with regard to the application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign taxing jurisdiction. Furthermore, this discussion does not describe the effect of U.S. federal estate and gift tax laws, the potential application of the Medicare contribution tax on net investment income or the effect of any applicable foreign, state or local law.S-10UNDERWRITING (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)Subject to the terms and conditions of an underwriting agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”), the Company has agreed to sell to each of the underwriters named below (the “Underwriters”) for whom Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and PNC Capital Markets LLC are acting as representatives (the “Representatives”) and each of the Underwriters has severally, and not jointly, agreed to purchase from the Company the principal amount of the Series 2021A Senior Notes set forth opposite its name below:Underwriters Principal Amountof Series 2021ASenior Notes Barclays Capital Inc. $ BofA Securities, Inc. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC PNC Capital Markets LLC BBVA Securities Inc. FHN Financial Securities Corp. Regions Securities LLC Synovus Securities, Inc. C.L. King & Associates, Inc. MFR Securities, Inc. Mischler Financial Group, Inc. Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc. Total $The Underwriting Agreement provides that the obligations of the several Underwriters to pay for and accept delivery of the Series 2021A Senior Notes are subject to, among other things, the approval of certain legal matters by their counsel and certain other conditions. In the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriters have severally agreed, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, to purchase all of the Series 2021A Senior Notes offered hereby, if any of the Series 2021A Senior Notes are purchased. The offering of the Series 2021A Senior Notes by the Underwriters is subject to receipt and acceptance of the Series 2021A Senior Notes and subject to the Underwriters’ right to reject any order in whole or in part.The Underwriters propose to offer the Series 2021A Senior Notes to the public at the initial public offering price set forth on the cover page of this Prospectus Supplement and may offer the Series 2021A Senior Notes to certain dealers at such price less a concession not in excess of % of the principal amount per Series 2021A Senior Note. The Underwriters may allow, and such dealers may reallow, a concession not in excess of % of the principal amount per Series 2021A Senior Note. After the initial public offering, the initial public offering price and other selling terms may be changed.The Series 2021A Senior Notes are a new issue of securities with no established trading market. The Series 2021A Senior Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange or on any automated dealer quotation system. The Underwriters may make a market in the Series 2021A Senior Notes after completion of the offering, but will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market-making activities at any time without notice. No assurance can be given as to the liquidity of the trading market for the Series 2021A Senior Notes or that an active public market for the Series 2021A Senior Notes will develop. If an active public trading market for the Series 2021A Senior Notes does not develop, the market price and liquidity of the Series 2021A Senior Notes may be adversely affected.The Company has agreed to indemnify the several Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.The Company’s expenses associated with the offer and sale of the Series 2021A Senior Notes (not including the underwriting discount) are estimated to be $ .The Company has agreed with the Underwriters, that during the period of 15 days from the date of the Underwriting Agreement, it will not sell, offer to sell, grant any option for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of any Series 2021A Senior Notes, any security convertible into, exchangeable into or exercisable for the Series 2021A Senior Notes or any debt securities substantially similar to the Series 2021A Senior Notes (except for the Series 2021A Senior Notes issued pursuant to theS-11Underwriting Agreement) without the prior written consent of the Representatives. This agreement does not apply to issuances of commercial paper or other debt securities with scheduled maturities of less than one year.In order to facilitate the offering of the Series 2021A Senior Notes, the Underwriters may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the Series 2021A Senior Notes. Specifically, the Underwriters may over-allot in connection with this offering, creating short positions in the Series 2021A Senior Notes for their own accounts. In addition, to cover over-allotments or to stabilize the price of the Series 2021A Senior Notes, the Underwriters may bid for, and purchase, Series 2021A Senior Notes in the open market. Finally, the Underwriters may reclaim selling concessions allowed to the Underwriters or dealers for distributing Series 2021A Senior Notes in this offering, if the Underwriters repurchase previously distributed Series 2021A Senior Notes in transactions to cover short positions, in stabilization transactions or otherwise. Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the market price of the Series 2021A Senior Notes above independent market levels. The Underwriters are not required to engage in these activities and may end any of these activities at any time without notice.In general, purchases of a security for the purpose of stabilization or to reduce a short position could cause the price of the security to be higher than it might be in the absence of such purchases. The imposition of a penalty bid might also have an effect on the price of a security to the extent that it were to discourage resales of the security.Neither the Company nor any Underwriter makes any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the Series 2021A Senior Notes. In addition, neither the Company nor any Underwriter makes any representation that the Underwriters will engage in such transactions or that such transactions once commenced will not be discontinued without notice.It is expected that delivery of the Series 2021A Senior Notes will be made, against payment for the Series 2021A Senior Notes, on or about June , 2021, which will be the business day following the pricing of the Series 2021A Senior Notes. Under Rule 15c6-1 under the 1934 Act, purchases or sales of securities in the secondary market generally are required to settle within two business days (T+2), unless the parties to any such transactions expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers of the Series 2021A Senior Notes who wish to trade the Series 2021A Senior Notes on the date of this Prospectus Supplement or the next succeeding business day(s) will be required, because the Series 2021A Senior Notes will settle within business days (T+ ), to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the Series 2021A Senior Notes who wish to trade on the date of this Prospectus Supplement or the next succeeding business day(s) should consult their own legal advisors.In the ordinary course of business, the Underwriters and their respective affiliates have from time to time performed and may in the future perform various financial advisory, commercial banking, investment banking, sales and trading, investment research, principal investment, hedging, market making, asset leasing, treasury services and other financial and non-financial activities and services for the Company and its affiliates, for which they received or will receive customary compensation.In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities), loans, commodities, currencies, credit default swaps and other financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own accounts and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Company or its affiliates. Certain of the Underwriters or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Company routinely hedge, and certain other of the Underwriters or their affiliates may hedge, their credit exposure to the Company consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Underwriters and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in the Company’s securities, including potentially the Series 2021A Senior Notes. Any such credit default swaps or short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Series 2021A Senior Notes. The Underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.Conflicts of InterestCertain of the Underwriters or their affiliates may hold a portion of the indebtedness that the Company intends to repay using all or a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the Series 2021A Senior Notes. It is possible that one or more of the Underwriters or their affiliates could receive 5% or more of the net proceeds from the sale of the Series 2021A Senior Notes, and, in that case, such Underwriter would be deemed to have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”) Rule 5121. In the event of any such conflict of interest, such Underwriter would be required to conduct the distribution of the Series 2021A Senior Notes in accordance with FINRA Rule 5121. If the distribution is conducted in accordance with FINRA Rule 5121, such Underwriter would not be permitted to confirm a sale of a SeriesS-122021A Senior Note in this offering to an account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder.Selling RestrictionsCanadaEach Underwriter has represented and agreed that the Series 2021A Senior Notes may be sold in Canada only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Series 2021A Senior Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws.Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus Supplement or the accompanying Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (“NI 33-105”), the Underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.European Economic AreaThe Series 2021A Senior Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 as amended where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Series 2021A Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Series 2021A Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA, may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.This Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus have been prepared on the basis that any offer of the Series 2021A Senior Notes in any member state of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Series 2021A Senior Notes. This Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus are not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.Hong KongEach Underwriter has represented and agreed that the Series 2021A Senior Notes have not been and may not be offered or sold by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong), (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong), and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Series 2021A Senior Notes may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Series 2021A Senior Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder.JapanThe Series 2021A Senior Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Law”) and each Underwriter has represented and agreed that it will not offer or sell any Series 2021A Senior Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used in this paragraph means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organizedS-13under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.KoreaThe Series 2021A Senior Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea. Each Underwriter has represented and agreed that the Series 2021A Senior Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea (as defined in the Foreign Exchange Transactions Law of Korea and its Enforcement Decree) or to others for re-offering or resale, except as otherwise permitted by applicable Korean laws and regulations. In addition, within one year following the issuance of the Series 2021A Senior Notes, the Series 2021A Senior Notes may not be transferred to any resident of Korea other than a qualified institutional buyer (as such term is defined in the Regulation on Issuance, Public Disclosure, etc. of securities of Korea, a “Korean QIB”) registered with the Korea Financial Investment Association (the “KOFIA”) as a Korean QIB and subject to the requirement of monthly reports with the KOFIA of its holding of Korean QIB bonds as defined in the Regulation on Issuance, Public Disclosure, etc. of notes of Korea, provided that (a) the Series 2021A Senior Notes are denominated, and the principal and interest payments thereunder are made, in a currency other than Korean won, (b) the amount of the securities acquired by such Korean QIBs in the primary market is limited to less than 20% of the aggregate issue amount of the Series 2021A Senior Notes, (c) the Series 2021A Senior Notes are listed on one of the major overseas securities markets designated by the Financial Supervisory Service of Korea, or certain procedures, such as registration or report with a foreign financial investment regulator, have been completed for offering of the securities in a major overseas securities market, (d) the one-year restriction on offering, delivering or selling of securities to a Korean resident other than a Korean QIB is expressly stated in the securities, the relevant purchase agreement, the subscription agreement and the offering circular and (e) the Company and the Underwriters shall individually or collectively keep the evidence of fulfillment of conditions (a) through (d) above after having taken necessary actions therefor.SingaporeThis Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus have not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, the Underwriters have represented and agreed that they have not offered or sold any Series 2021A Senior Notes or caused the Series 2021A Senior Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor will they offer or sell the Series 2021A Senior Notes or cause the Series 2021A Senior Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, nor have they circulated or distributed nor will they circulate or distribute this Prospectus Supplement, the accompanying Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Series 2021A Senior Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.Where the Series 2021A Senior Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor,securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest in that trust shall not be transferable for six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Series 2021A Senior Notes under Section 275 except:(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;(3) where the transfer is by operation of law;(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; orS-14(5) as specified in Regulation 32 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Shares and Bonds) Regulations 2005 of Singapore.Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Company has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Series 2021A Senior Notes are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAAN16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).SwitzerlandThis Prospectus Supplement is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Series 2021A Senior Notes. The Series 2021A Senior Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Series 2021A Senior Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Prospectus Supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Series 2021A Senior Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Prospectus Supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Series 2021A Senior Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.TaiwanEach Underwriter has represented and agreed that the Series 2021A Senior Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan, The Republic of China (“Taiwan”) pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations and may not be sold, issued or offered within Taiwan through a public offering or in circumstances which constitutes an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan that requires a registration or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan. No person or entity in Taiwan has been authorized to offer, sell, give advice regarding or otherwise intermediate the offering and sale of the Series 2021A Senior Notes in Taiwan.United Arab EmiratesThis Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus have not been reviewed, approved or licensed by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates (the “UAE”), the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority (the “SCA”) or any other relevant licensing authority in the UAE including any licensing authority incorporated under the laws and regulations of any of the free zones established and operating in the UAE including, without limitation, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, a regulatory authority of the Dubai International Financial Centre.This Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus are not intended to, and do not, constitute an offer, sale or delivery of shares or other securities under the laws of the UAE. Each Underwriter has represented and agreed that the Series 2021A Senior Notes have not been and will not be registered with the SCA or the UAE Central Bank, the Dubai Financial Market, the Abu Dhabi Securities Market or any other UAE regulatory authority or exchange.The issue and/or sale of the Series 2021A Senior Notes has not been approved or licensed by the SCA, the UAE Central Bank or any other relevant licensing authority in the UAE and does not constitute a public offer of securities in the UAE in accordance with the Commercial Companies Law, Federal Law No. 1 of 2015 (as amended) or otherwise, does not constitute an offer in the UAE in accordance with the Board Decision No. 37 of 2012 Concerning the Regulation of Investment Funds (whether by a Foreign Fund, as defined therein, or otherwise) and further does not constitute the brokerage of securities in the UAE in accordance with the Board Decision No. 27 of 2014 Concerning Brokerage in Securities.United KingdomThe Series 2021A Senior Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Series 2021A Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Series 2021A Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.S-15In the UK, this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus are only being distributed to and is only directed at, and any offer subsequently made may only be directed at, persons who are “qualified investors” (as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation) (i) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) and/or (ii) who are high net worth companies, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) through (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The Series 2021A Senior Notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such Series 2021A Senior Notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus or any of their contents.Each Underwriter has represented and agreed that it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Series 2021A Senior Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Company and it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Series 2021A Senior Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.LEGAL MATTERSThe validity of the the Series 2021A Senior Notes and certain matters relating to such securities will be passed upon on behalf of the Company by Balch & Bingham LLP, Birmingham, Alabama, and by Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP, Atlanta, Georgia. Certain legal matters will be passed upon for the underwriters by Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP, New York, New York. From time to time, Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP acts as counsel to the Company and its affiliates for some matters.EXPERTSThe financial statements, and the related financial statement schedule, incorporated in this Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus by reference from the Form 10-K have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports, which are incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements and financial statement schedule have been so incorporated in reliance upon the reports of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.S-16PROSPECTUSAlabama Power CompanyClass A Preferred StockCumulative, Par Value $1 Per SharePreference StockSenior NotesJunior Subordinated Notes__________________________Alabama Power Company will provide the specific terms of these securities in supplements to this Prospectus. You should read this Prospectus and the applicable Prospectus Supplement carefully before you invest.See “Risk Factors” on page 2 for information on certain risks related to the purchase of securities offered by this Prospectus.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this Prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.__________________________This Prospectus is dated February 24, 2020.ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUSThis Prospectus is part of a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) using a “shelf” registration process under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”). Under the shelf process, Alabama Power Company (the “Company”) may sell, in one or more transactions,• shares of class A preferred stock (the “Class A Preferred Stock”),• shares of preference stock (the “Preference Stock”),• senior notes (the “Senior Notes”), or• junior subordinated notes (the “Junior Subordinated Notes”).This Prospectus provides a general description of those securities. Each time the Company sells securities, the Company will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain specific information about the terms of that offering (“Prospectus Supplement”). The Prospectus Supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this Prospectus. You should read this Prospectus and the applicable Prospectus Supplement together with the additional information under the heading “Available Information.”RISK FACTORSInvesting in the Company’s securities involves risk. Please see the risk factors described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.AVAILABLE INFORMATIONThe Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (the “Registration Statement,” which term encompasses any amendments to the Registration Statement and exhibits to the Registration Statement) under the 1933 Act. As permitted by the rules and regulations of the Commission, this Prospectus does not contain all of the information set forth in the Registration Statement and the exhibits and schedules to the Registration Statement, to which reference is made.The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), and in accordance with the 1934 Act files reports, proxy and information statements and other information with the Commission. The Commission maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants including the Company that file electronically at  Certain of the Company’s outstanding securities are listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and reports and other material concerning the Company can be inspected at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005.INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCEThe following documents have been filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act and are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and made a part of this Prospectus:All documents filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act subsequent to the date of this Prospectus and prior to the termination of this offering shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and made a part of this Prospectus from the date of filing of such documents; provided, however, that the Company is not incorporating any information furnished under Item 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K unless specifically stated otherwise. Any statement contained in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this Prospectus or in any other subsequently filed document which also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Prospectus.The Company will provide without charge to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom this Prospectus is delivered, on the written or oral request of any such person, a copy of any or all documents incorporated2by reference in this Prospectus (other than the exhibits to such documents unless such exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference in this Prospectus). Such requests should be directed to Ceila H. Shorts, Corporate Secretary, Alabama Power Company, 600 North 18th Street, Birmingham, Alabama 35291, telephone: (205) 257-1000.ALABAMA POWER COMPANYThe Company is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Alabama on November 10, 1927, by the consolidation of the predecessor Alabama Power Company, Gulf Electric Company and Houston Power Company. The predecessor Alabama Power Company had a continuous existence since its incorporation in 1906. The principal executive offices of the Company are located at 600 North 18th Street, Birmingham, Alabama 35291, and the telephone number is (205) 257-1000.The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Southern Company. The Company is engaged, within the State of Alabama, in the generation, transmission, distribution and purchase of electricity and the sale of electric service, at retail in approximately 400 cities and towns (including Anniston, Birmingham, Gadsden, Mobile, Montgomery and Tuscaloosa), as well as in rural areas, and at wholesale to 11 municipally-owned electric distribution systems, all of which are served indirectly through sales to the Alabama Municipal Electric Authority (“AMEA”), and two rural distributing cooperative associations. The sales contract with AMEA is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2025. The Company owns coal reserves near its Plant Gorgas site and uses the output of coal from the reserves in its generating plants. It also sells, and cooperates with dealers in promoting the sale of, electric appliances and products and markets and sells outdoor lighting services.The Company and one of its affiliates, Georgia Power Company (“GEORGIA”), each own 50% of the outstanding common stock of Southern Electric Generating Company (“SEGCO”). SEGCO is an operating public utility company that owns electric generating units with an aggregate capacity of 1,020 megawatts at the Ernest C. Gaston Steam Plant (“Plant Gaston”) on the Coosa River near Wilsonville, Alabama. The Company and GEORGIA are each entitled to one-half of SEGCO’s capacity and energy. The Company acts as SEGCO’s agent in the operation of SEGCO’s units and furnishes fuel to SEGCO for its units.SELECTED INFORMATIONThe following material, which is presented in this Prospectus solely to furnish limited introductory information regarding the Company, has been selected from, or is based upon, the detailed information and financial statements appearing in the documents incorporated in this Prospectus by reference or elsewhere in this Prospectus, is qualified in its entirety by reference to those documents and, therefore, should be read together with those documents.Alabama Power CompanyBusiness Generation, transmission, distribution and purchase of electricity and the sale of electric service Service Area Approximately 45,000 square miles comprising most of the State of Alabama Customers at December 31, 2019 1,488,235 Plant Nameplate Capacity Ratings at December 31, 2019 (megawatts) 10,793 Sources of Generation during 2019 (kilowatt hours) Coal (45%), Nuclear (25%), Gas (21%), Hydro (9%)USE OF PROCEEDSExcept as may be otherwise described in an applicable Prospectus Supplement, the net proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Class A Preferred Stock, the Preference Stock, the Senior Notes or the Junior Subordinated Notes will be used in connection with its ongoing construction program, to pay scheduled maturities and/or refundings of its securities, to repay short-term indebtedness to the extent outstanding and for other general corporate purposes.3DESCRIPTION OF THE CLASS A PREFERRED STOCKSet forth below is a description of the general terms of the Class A Preferred Stock. The statements in this Prospectus concerning the Class A Preferred Stock are an outline and do not purport to be complete. Such statements make use of defined terms and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the charter of the Company, as amended (the “charter”), a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement of which this Prospectus forms a part. The general provisions which apply to all series of the Class A Preferred Stock, which are now or may at a later time be authorized or created, are set forth in the charter.GeneralEach series of the Class A Preferred Stock is to be established by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company, a copy of which is an exhibit to the Registration Statement (or incorporated by reference). In such resolutions, the Board of Directors will set the stated capital, among other terms, of such series of Class A Preferred Stock.At December 31, 2019, the Company had 27,500,000 authorized shares of Class A Preferred Stock, of which 10,000,000 shares of Class A Preferred Stock with a stated capital of $25 per share were outstanding. Additionally, at December 31, 2019, the Company had outstanding 475,115 shares of Preferred Stock which have a par value of $100 per share. The Class A Preferred Stock ranks on a parity as to dividends and assets with the outstanding Preferred Stock and has the same general rights and preferences as the outstanding Preferred Stock. On all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock and the Class A Preferred Stock (other than a change in the rights and preferences of only one, but not the other, such kind of stock), both kinds of stock vote together as a single class, and each share of Preferred Stock and Class A Preferred Stock shall have the relative voting rights described in the applicable Prospectus Supplement.The Class A Preferred Stock will not be subject to further calls or to assessment by the Company.Any proposed listing of the Class A Preferred Stock on a securities exchange will be described in the applicable Prospectus Supplement.Transfer Agent and RegistrarUnless otherwise indicated in the applicable Prospectus Supplement, the transfer agent for the Class A Preferred Stock will be EQ Shareowner Services, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, Minnesota 55120-4100, which will also serve as the registrar.Dividend RightsThe holders of the Preferred Stock and Class A Preferred Stock of each class are entitled to receive cumulative dividends, payable when and as declared by the Board of Directors, at the rates determined for the respective classes, before any dividends may be declared or paid on the Preference Stock or the Company’s Common Stock. Dividends on the Preferred Stock and Class A Preferred Stock must have been or be contemporaneously declared and set apart for payment, or paid, on the Preferred Stock and Class A Preferred Stock of all classes for all dividend periods terminating on the same or an earlier date (Charter — A. Preferred Stock — 2. General Provisions — a and b).The applicable Prospectus Supplement will set forth the dividend rate provisions of the Class A Preferred Stock, including the payment dates and the rate or rates, or the method of determining the rate or rates (which may involve periodic dividend rate settings through remarketing or auction procedures or pursuant to one or more formulae, as described in the Prospectus Supplement). Dividends payable on the Class A Preferred Stock will be cumulative from the date of original issue.Redemption ProvisionsAny redemption provisions applicable to the Class A Preferred Stock will be described in the applicable Prospectus Supplement.The charter provides that the Company shall not redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of Preferred Stock or Class A Preferred Stock if, at the time of such redemption, purchase or other acquisition, dividends payable on the Preferred Stock or Class A Preferred Stock of any class shall be in default in whole or in part unless, prior to or concurrently with such redemption, purchase or other acquisition, all such defaults shall be cured or unless such action has been ordered, approved or permitted under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended, by the Commission or any successor commission or regulatory authority of the United States of America (Charter — A. Preferred Stock — 2. General Provisions — d).4Voting RightsThe voting rights applicable to the Preferred Stock and Class A Preferred Stock will be described in the applicable Prospectus Supplement.Liquidation RightsUpon voluntary or involuntary liquidation, the holders of the Preferred Stock and Class A Preferred Stock of each class, without preference between classes, will be entitled to receive the amounts specified to be payable on the shares of such class (which, in the case of the Class A Preferred Stock, is an amount equal to the stated capital per share on involuntary liquidation, or an amount equal to the then current regular redemption price per share on voluntary liquidation, plus accrued dividends in each case) before any distribution of assets may be made to the holders of the Preference Stock or the Company’s Common Stock. Available assets, if insufficient to pay such amounts to the holders of the Preferred Stock and Class A Preferred Stock, are to be distributed pro rata to the payment, first, of the amount per share payable in the event of involuntary liquidation, second, of accrued dividends, and third, of any premium (Charter — A. Preferred Stock — 2. General Provisions — c.).Sinking FundThe terms and conditions of a sinking fund or purchase fund, if any, for the benefit of the holders of the Class A Preferred Stock will be set forth in the applicable Prospectus Supplement.Other RightsThe holders of the Class A Preferred Stock do not have any preemptive or conversion rights unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Prospectus Supplement.DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE STOCKSet forth below is a description of the general terms of the Preference Stock. The statements in this Prospectus concerning the Preference Stock are an outline and do not purport to be complete. Such statements make use of defined terms and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the charter, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement of which this Prospectus forms a part. The general provisions which apply to all series of the Preference Stock, which are now or may at a later time be authorized or created, are set forth in the charter.GeneralEach series of Preference Stock is to be established by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company, a copy of which is an exhibit to the Registration Statement (or incorporated by reference). In such resolutions, the Board of Directors will set the stated capital, among other terms, of such series of Preference Stock.As of December 31, 2019, the Company had 40,000,000 authorized shares of Preference Stock, of which none were outstanding. The Preference Stock ranks junior to the Preferred Stock and the Class A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends and amounts payable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. The Preference Stock ranks senior to the Company’s Common Stock and to any other securities the Company may issue in the future that by their terms rank junior to the Preference Stock with respect to dividends and amounts payable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. All shares of the Preference Stock will rank on a parity with respect to dividends and amounts payable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company.The Preference Stock will not be subject to further calls or assessment by the Company.Any proposed listing of the Preference Stock on a securities exchange will be described in the applicable Prospectus Supplement.Transfer Agent and RegistrarUnless otherwise indicated in the applicable Prospectus Supplement, the transfer agent for the Preference Stock will be EQ Shareowner Services, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, Minnesota 55120-4100, which will also serve as the registrar.Dividend RightsDividends on the Preference Stock are payable, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, at the rate per annum determined for each respective series. Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Prospectus Supplement, dividends will be5payable to holders of record of the Preference Stock as they appear on the books of the Company on the record dates fixed by the Board of Directors.The applicable Prospectus Supplement will set forth the dividend rate provisions of the Preference Stock, including the payment dates and the rate or rates, or the method of determining the rate or rates (which may involve periodic dividend rate settings through remarketing or auction procedures or pursuant to one or more formulae, as described in the applicable Prospectus Supplement), and whether dividends shall be cumulative and, if so, from which date or dates.Redemption ProvisionsAny redemption provisions applicable to the Preference Stock will be described in the applicable Prospectus Supplement.Voting RightsThe applicable Prospectus Supplement will describe the voting rights for each series of the Preference Stock.Liquidation RightsUpon voluntary or involuntary liquidation, the holders of the Preference Stock of each series, without preference among series, are entitled to receive the amount specified to be payable on the shares of such series following the satisfaction of all claims ranking senior to the Preference Stock (including the claims of holders of any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and Class A Preferred Stock) and before any distribution of assets may be made to the holders of the Company’s Common Stock. Available assets, if insufficient to pay such amounts to the holders of the Preference Stock, are to be distributed pro rata to the payment, first of the amount per share payable in the event of involuntary liquidation, second of accrued dividends, if any, and third of any premium.Sinking FundThe terms and conditions of a sinking or purchase fund, if any, for the benefit of the holders of the Preference Stock will be set forth in the applicable Prospectus Supplement.Other RightsThe holders of the Preference Stock do not have any pre-emptive or conversion rights, except as otherwise described in the applicable Prospectus Supplement.DESCRIPTION OF THE SENIOR NOTESSet forth below is a description of the general terms of the Senior Notes. The following description does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Senior Note Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1997, between the Company and Regions Bank, as successor trustee (the “Senior Note Indenture Trustee”), as to be supplemented by a supplemental indenture to the Senior Note Indenture establishing the Senior Notes of each series (the Senior Note Indenture, as so supplemented, is referred to as the “Senior Note Indenture”). The terms of the Senior Notes will include those stated in the Senior Note Indenture and those made a part of the Senior Note Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the “1939 Act”). Certain capitalized terms used and not defined in this section of the Prospectus are defined in the Senior Note Indenture.GeneralThe Senior Notes will be issued as unsecured senior debt securities under the Senior Note Indenture and will rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the Company. The Senior Notes will be effectively subordinated to all existing and future secured debt of the Company. The Company did not have any secured indebtedness outstanding at December 31, 2019. The Senior Note Indenture does not limit the aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes that may be issued under the Senior Note Indenture and provides that Senior Notes may be issued from time to time in one or more series pursuant to an indenture supplemental to the Senior Note Indenture. The Senior Note Indenture gives the Company the ability to reopen a previous issue of Senior Notes and issue additional Senior Notes of such series, unless otherwise provided.Reference is made to the Prospectus Supplement that will accompany this Prospectus for the following terms of the series of Senior Notes being offered by such Prospectus Supplement: (i) the title of such Senior Notes; (ii) any limit on the aggregate principal amount of such Senior Notes; (iii) the date or dates on which the principal of such Senior Notes is payable; (iv) the rate or rates at which such Senior Notes shall bear interest, if any, or any method by which such rate or rates will be determined, the date or dates from which such interest will accrue, the interest payment dates on which such interest shall be payable, and6the regular record date for the interest payable on any interest payment date; (v) the place or places where the principal of, premium, if any, on and interest, if any, on such Senior Notes shall be payable; (vi) the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions on which such Senior Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company or at the option of the holder prior to their maturity; (vii) the obligation, if any, of the Company to redeem or purchase such Senior Notes; (viii) the denominations in which such Senior Notes shall be issuable; (ix) if other than the principal amount of such Senior Notes, the portion of the principal amount of such Senior Notes which shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity of such Senior Notes; (x) any deletions from, modifications of or additions to the Events of Default or covenants of the Company as provided in the Senior Note Indenture pertaining to such Senior Notes; (xi) whether such Senior Notes shall be issued in whole or in part in the form of a Global Security; and (xii) any other terms of such Senior Notes.The Senior Note Indenture does not contain provisions that afford holders of Senior Notes protection in the event of a highly leveraged transaction involving the Company.Events of DefaultUnless provided otherwise in the supplemental indenture relating to any series of Senior Notes, the Senior Note Indenture provides that any one or more of the following described events with respect to the Senior Notes of any series, which has occurred and is continuing, constitutes an “Event of Default” with respect to the Senior Notes of such series:(a) failure for 10 days to pay interest on the Senior Notes of such series when due on an interest payment date other than at maturity or upon earlier redemption; or(b) failure to pay principal of, premium, if any, on or interest on the Senior Notes of such series when due at maturity or upon earlier redemption; or(c) failure for three Business Days to deposit any sinking fund payment when due by the terms of a Senior Note of such series; or(d) failure to observe or perform any other covenant or warranty of the Company in the Senior Note Indenture (other than a covenant or warranty which has expressly been included in the Senior Note Indenture solely for the benefit of one or more series of Senior Notes other than such series) for 90 days after written notice to the Company from the Senior Note Indenture Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Senior Notes of such series; or(e) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Company.The holders of not less than a majority in aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Senior Notes of any series have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Senior Note Indenture Trustee with respect to the Senior Notes of such series. If a Senior Note Indenture Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the Senior Notes of any series, then the Senior Note Indenture Trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Senior Notes of such series may declare the principal amount of the Senior Notes due and payable immediately by notice in writing to the Company (and to the Senior Note Indenture Trustee if given by the holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount shall become immediately due and payable. At any time after such a declaration of acceleration with respect to the Senior Notes of any series has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained as provided in Article Five of the Senior Note Indenture, the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Senior Notes of such series may, by written notice to the Company and the Senior Note Indenture Trustee, rescind and annul such",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Alabama Power Company', 'Alabama Power Company', 'Alabama Power Company', 'Alabama Power Company', 'Alabama Power Company', 'Alabama Power Company', 'Securities and Exchange Commission', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.', 'Clearstream Banking', 'anonyme', 'Barclays BofA', 'J.P. Morgan Morgan Stanley', 'PNC Capital Markets LLC', 'BBVA FHN Financial Securities Corp.', 'Regions Securities LLC', 'Synovus Securities, Inc.', 'Alabama Power Company', 'Alabama Power Company', 'Alabama Power Company', 'Alabama Power Company', 'Alabama Power Company', 'Alabama Power Company']","['ALABAMA POWER CO', 'Form 424B5', 'Barclays BofA Securities J.P. Morgan Morgan Stanley PNC Capital Markets LLC', '2021A Senior Note Total Initial Public Offering Price', 'Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.', 'United States Federal Income Tax Considerations', 'BBVA FHN Financial Securities Corp.', 'The Series 2021A Senior Notes', 'Class A Preferred Stock', 'Junior Subordinated Notes 10 Plan', 'PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED JUNE', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'Series 2021A % Senior Notes', 'Regions Securities LLC', 'Page Prospectus Supplement Risk Factors', 'Non-United States Holders', 'Alabama Power Company', 'société anonyme', 'Joint Book-Running Managers', 'other regulatory body', 'Selected Financial Information', 'effective registration statement', 'Preference Stock 6 Description', 'The Company', 'Securities Act', 'Synovus Securities', '2 Risk Factors', 'Per Series', 'accompanying Prospectus', 'other unsecured', 'other person', 'Selected Information', 'redemption prices', 'Optional Redemption', 'unsubordinated obligations', 'original issuance', 'Exchange Commission', 'criminal offense', 'book-entry facilities', 'Clearstream Banking', 'final terms', 'Certain Documents', 'Legal Matters', 'Annual Report', 'other information', 'Available Information', 'unsubordinated indebtedness', 'respective date', 'Form 10-K', 'fiscal year', 'written communication', 'Rule', 'jurisdiction', 'sale', 'SUBJECT', 'COMPLETION', 'February', 'Interest', 'arrears', 'part', 'time', 'caption', 'risks', 'investing', 'expenses', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'representation', 'contrary', 'accounts', 'Luxembourg', 'Co-Managers', 'dealer', 'underwriters', 'responsibility', 'assurance', 'reliability', 'others', 'circumstances', 'TABLE', 'CONTENTS', 'Use', 'Proceeds', 'Underwriting', 'Conflicts', 'Experts', 'Incorporation', 'Distribution']",2021-06-08,streetinsider.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.thediplomat.ro/2021/06/08/ccone-properties-invest-ag-successfully-places-50-million-euro-note/,CCONE Properties Invest AG successfully places 50 million Euro note,"CCONE Properties Invest AG, an internationally active private equity investment firm, has successfully completed a private placement of a senior secured debt note of 50 million Euro.The issuance was a major step of CCOne Properties Invest AG following its inception in late 2020 with the mandate to gradually raise up to 500 million Euro in the upcoming years.The proceeds of the issuance will be invested in early-stage sustainable residential real estate developments by One United Properties in Romania, which remains one of Europe’s fastest growing economies and with a strong post-covid recovery, including a projected GDP growth of 7% in 2021, according to current data of the International Monetary Fund.Victor Capitanu, Co-founder of One United Properties: “The successful closing of this investment confirms not only the great potential of Romania’s sustainable real estate market, but the trust of international investors in our company and their acknowledgement for our brand as well.We are happy to accelerate the development plans for our residential projects with these funds.”The issuing entity is a fully owned subsidiary registered with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the emitted note is registered with Euroclear and Clearstream.","CCONE Properties Invest AG, an internationally active private equity investment firm, has successfully completed a private placement of a senior secured debt note of 50 million Euro. The company was founded by CC Trust AG, a globally active family office owned by the Swiss entrepreneur Claudio Cisullo, and One United Properties SA, one of the leading real estate developers in Romania founded by the Romanian entrepreneurs Victor Capitanu and Andrei Diaconescu, to raise international funds for the development of premium, sustainable projects by One United Properties in Romania.The issuance was a major step of CCOne Properties Invest AG following its inception in late 2020 with the mandate to gradually raise up to 500 million Euro in the upcoming years. The proceeds of the issuance will be invested in early-stage sustainable residential real estate developments by One United Properties in Romania, which remains one of Europe’s fastest growing economies and with a strong post-covid recovery, including a projected GDP growth of 7% in 2021, according to current data of the International Monetary Fund.Victor Capitanu, Co-founder of One United Properties: “The successful closing of this investment confirms not only the great potential of Romania’s sustainable real estate market, but the trust of international investors in our company and their acknowledgement for our brand as well. We are happy to accelerate the development plans for our residential projects with these funds.”The issuing entity is a fully owned subsidiary registered with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the emitted note is registered with Euroclear and Clearstream.0 Shares",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.33,0.23,0.44,True,English,"['CC@ONE Properties Invest AG', 'CC@ONE Properties Invest AG', 'CC Trust AG', 'One United Properties SA', 'One United Properties', 'CC@One Properties Invest AG', 'One United Properties', 'International Monetary Fund', 'One United Properties', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream']","['ONE Properties Invest AG', '50 million Euro note', 'CC', 'early-stage sustainable residential real estate developments', 'active private equity investment firm', 'CC@One Properties Invest AG', 'leading real estate developers', 'sustainable real estate market', 'One United Properties SA', 'active family office', 'CC Trust AG', 'fastest growing economies', 'strong post-covid recovery', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'International Monetary Fund', 'sustainable projects', 'residential projects', 'private placement', 'international investors', '50 million Euro', 'Swiss entrepreneur', 'Claudio Cisullo', 'Romanian entrepreneurs', 'Victor Capitanu', 'Andrei Diaconescu', 'major step', 'inception in', '500 million Euro', 'upcoming years', 'GDP growth', 'current data', 'successful closing', 'great potential', 'issuing entity', 'international funds', 'debt note', 'development plans', 'internationally', 'senior', 'company', 'premium', 'issuance', 'mandate', 'proceeds', 'Europe', 'founder', 'acknowledgement', 'brand', 'subsidiary', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', '0 Shares']",2021-06-08,thediplomat.ro,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-afarak-group-plcs-annual-080000105.html,NOTICE OF AFARAK GROUP PLC'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,"09:00 London, 11:00 Helsinki, 7 June 2021 - Afarak Group Plc (LSE: AFRK, NASDAQ: AFAGR)Notice of Afarak Group Plc's Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group Plc (“Afarak”) of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 29 June 2021 at 2 p.m. the company´s headquarter, address Kaisaniemenkatu 4, 00100 Helsinki, Finland.The aim is to keep the Annual General Meeting as short as possible, while ensuring that all legal obligations are fulfilled.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Dr Jelena Manojlovic, Thorstein Abrahamsen and Guy Konsbruck will be re-elected for the next mandate that begins from the end of the General Meeting and ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2022.Proxy documents should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail Euroclear Finland Oy, Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group Plc, P.O.The counterproposal shall be handled at the Annual General Meeting if the shareholder is entitled to attend the Annual General Meeting and if the shareholder holds at least one per cent of all the company’s shares on the record date of the Annual General Meeting.","09:00 London, 11:00 Helsinki, 7 June 2021 - Afarak Group Plc (LSE: AFRK, NASDAQ: AFAGR)Notice of Afarak Group Plc's Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group Plc (“Afarak”) of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 29 June 2021 at 2 p.m. the company´s headquarter, address Kaisaniemenkatu 4, 00100 Helsinki, Finland. The shareholders of the company may participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights only by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation and by presenting counterproposals and asking questions in advance. It is not possible to attend the meeting in person. Instructions for shareholders can be found in part C of this Notice.The Board of Directors has resolved on exceptional meeting procedures based on the temporary legislation (677/2020) which entered into force October 3, 2020. In order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic the company has taken precautionary measures enabled by the temporary legislation in order to be able to convene the Annual General Meeting in a foreseeable meaning, considering the health and safety of the company’s shareholders, personnel and other stakeholders.The aim is to keep the Annual General Meeting as short as possible, while ensuring that all legal obligations are fulfilled. The Members of the Board of the Directors or CEO will not participate in the Annual General Meeting and there will be no addresses by the Board or Management at the meeting.MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:The following matters will be considered at the General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderAttorney-at-Law Mika Taberman shall act as the Chairman of the meeting.If due to weighty reasons Mika Taberman is not able to act as Chairman, the Board shall appoint another person it deems best suitable to act as Chairman.3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesStory continuesAttorney-at-law Kalle Klemetti shall scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of the votes.If Kalle Klemetti due to weighty reasons is not able to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of the votes, the Board shall appoint another person it deems best suitable to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the list of votesShareholders attending the meeting shall be those shareholders who have voted in advance during the voting period and who in accordance with Chapter 5, Sections 6 and 6a of the Finnish Companies Act are entitled to attend the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted according to the information provided by Euroclear Finland Ltd.6. Presentation of the annual accounts, the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2020Since the Annual General Meeting may only be attended through advance voting, the Financial Statements, the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report, published by the company on 31 March 2021, are considered to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The Financial Statements, the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report are available on the Afarak website -meetings/2021/.7. Adoption of the Group annual accounts, income statement and balance sheet8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend from the financial year ending on 31 December 2020 is paid. As Afarak Group Plc made a loss for the financial year 2020, no minority dividend can be demanded.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the remuneration report for governing bodiesSince the Annual General Meeting may only be attended through advance voting, the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies published on 7 June 2021 is considered to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the Afarak website -meetings/2021/. The resolution on the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and of the AuditorIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Non-executive Board Members shall be paid EUR 3,000 per month and the Chairman of the board shall be paid an additional EUR 1,500 per month. Non-Executive Board Members who serve on the Board's Committees shall be paid additional EUR 1,500 per month for committee work. Those members of the Board of Directors that are executives of the Company are not entitled to receive any remuneration for Board membership. Board Members shall be compensated for travel and accommodation expenses as well as other costs directly related to Board and Committee work in accordance with the company's travel rules.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the company will pay the auditor's fee against an invoice that is inspected by the Company.12. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be three (3).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Dr Jelena Manojlovic, Thorstein Abrahamsen and Guy Konsbruck will be re-elected for the next mandate that begins from the end of the General Meeting and ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2022. Shareholders Atkey Ltd and LNS Resources Ltd, have expressed their support to this proposal and will vote at the upcoming AGM in favor of it. These shareholders represent 52.66 % of the share capital of the company.14. Election of the AuditorThe company has requested offers regarding it´s audit services. For the time being, the company have not received an offer suitable for it´s needs. Thus, the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that election of the Auditor shall be decided on separate Extraordinal General Meeting held during 2021.15. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide upon share issue and upon issuing other special rights that entitle to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to issue ordinary shares and issue stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.By virtue of the authorization shares could be issued in one or more tranches up to a maximum of 50,000,000 new shares or shares owned by the company. This equates approximately 19,8 % of the company’s current registered shares. The Board of Directors would, by virtue of the authorization, be entitled to decide on the share issues and on the issuing of stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.The Board of Directors may use the authorization among other things to raise additional finance and enabling corporate and business acquisitions or other arrangements and investments of business activity or for employee incentive and commitment schemes. The Board of Directors proposes that, by virtue of the authorization, the Board of Directors can decide both on share issue against payment and on share issue without payment. The payment of the subscription price could also be made with other consideration than money. The authorization would contain right to decide on derogating from shareholders' pre-emptive right to share subscription provided that the conditions set in the Companies' Act are fulfilled.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization replaces all previous authorizations and that it is valid two (2) years as from the decision of the General Meeting.16. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGAfarak Group Plc has published the Report by the Board of Directors, the Financial Statements 2020, the Auditor's Report, the Corporate Governance Statement and the Remuneration Report in English and in Finnish. The documents as well as this Notice can be found from the company website from address -meetings/2021/. Copies of the above-mentioned documents and of this Notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest from 13 July 2021.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGShareholders of the company may only participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation as well as by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in accordance with the below instructions.1 Right to attendA shareholder who no later than on 16 June 2021 is registered as the Company's shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company's shareholders’ register.A shareholder may only participate in the meeting by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in accordance with the below instructions.2 Registration and advance voting servicesThe registration for the meeting and advance voting will begin on 11 June 2021 at 10:00 am when the deadline for submitting counterproposals has passed. A shareholder who is registered in the Shareholders’ Register of the company and wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance, shall register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance by 21 June 2021 at 10:00 am by which time the registration shall be completed and the votes given.Requested information shall be given in connection with the registration such as the name, social security number, address and phone number of the shareholder. The personal data given to Afarak or Euroclear Finland Ltd is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.Shareholders who have a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the time period beginning on 11 June 2021 at 10:00 am and ending on 21 June 2021 on 10:00 am by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at -meetings/2021/Please note that the number of the shareholder’s book-entry account is required for voting in advance.b) Through email or mailShareholders may submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website -meetings/2021/ to Euroclear Finland Ltd by email to yhtiokokouseuroclear.eu or by mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd, Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group Plc, P.O. Box 1110, FI-00101 Helsinki, Finland.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by way of advance voting, voting in advance is considered as registration for the meeting if all required information is given.Instructions for voting will be available on the company’s website at -meetings/2021/ at the latest when the advance voting period begins.3 Using representative and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting through a proxy representative. Also the proxy representative of a shareholder may only participate by voting in advance in the manner instructed above.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts, the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy documents should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail Euroclear Finland Oy, Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group Plc, P.O. Box 1110, FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokouseuroclear.eu before the last date for registration, by which time the proxy documents must be received.4 Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which he/she on the record date of the general meeting, i.e. 16 June 2021 would be entitled, to be registered in the Shareholders’ Register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition, the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary Shareholders’ Register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest on 24 June 2021 at 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares, this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company, the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the date stated above. In addition, the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.Further information is available on the company’s website at -meetings/2021/.5 Other instructions and informationShareholders who hold at least one per cent of all the company’s shares are entitled to make counter-proposals subject for voting to the agenda points of the Annual General Meeting. Such counterproposals shall be delivered to the company by email to ilmoafarak.com no later than 10 June 2021 at 2:00 p.m. The shareholder submitting the counterproposal shall present sufficient evidence on his/her shareholding at the date of this notice when delivering the counterproposal. The counterproposal shall be handled at the Annual General Meeting if the shareholder is entitled to attend the Annual General Meeting and if the shareholder holds at least one per cent of all the company’s shares on the record date of the Annual General Meeting. If a counterproposal is not taken to be handled at the Annual General Meeting, votes given for the counterproposals will be disregarded. The company shall disclose possible counter-proposals subject for voting on the company’s website at -meetings/2021/ at the latest on 11 June 2021.A shareholder may ask questions pursuant to Chapter 5, Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act on topics included in the meeting agenda until 14 June 2021 at 2:00 pm by email to ilmoafarak.com. Such shareholders’ questions and the management’s answers thereto as well as possible counterproposals not subject for voting will be available on the company’s website at -meetings/2021/ at the latest on 17 June 2021. Shareholders are required to present sufficient evidence of their shareholding in order to ask questions and make counterproposals.Afarak Group Plc has at the date of invitation, 7 June 2021, in total 252,041,814 shares in issue and of which 252,041,814 have voting rights. The company holds in total 6,073,991 shares in treasury.IN HELSINKI, ON 7 JUNE 2021.AFARAK GROUP PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSFor additional information, please contact:Guy Konsbruck, CEO, +356 2122 1566, guy.konsbruckafarak.comFinancial reports and other investor information are available on the Company's website: www.afarak.com .Afarak Group is a specialist alloy producer focused on delivering sustainable growth with a Speciality Alloys business in southern Europe and a FerroAlloys business in South Africa. The Company is listed on NASDAQ Helsinki (AFAGR) and the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange (AFRK).Distribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiLondon Stock ExchangeMain mediawww.afarak.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,mixed,0.37,0.16,0.47,True,English,"['AFARAK GROUP PLC', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'AFRK', 'AFAGR', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'Afarak', 'Board of Directors', 'Board of the Directors', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Afarak', 'of Directors', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'of Directors', 'Afarak', 'of Directors', 'Board of Directors']","['AFARAK GROUP PLC', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Group annual accounts', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Law Mika Taberman', 'The Financial Statements', 'Non-executive Board Members', 'The Remuneration report', 'Afarak website', 'proxy representation', 'part C', 'temporary legislation', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'precautionary measures', 'foreseeable meaning', 'other stakeholders', 'legal obligations', 'weighty reasons', 'Kalle Klemetti', 'voting period', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'committee work', 'accommodation expenses', 'other costs', 'financial year', 'shareholder rights', 'following matters', 'advance voting', 'minority dividend', 'Board membership', 'Directors’ Report', '00 London', '11:00 Helsinki', '7 June', 'LSE', 'AFRK', 'NASDAQ', 'AFAGR', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '29 June', 'company', 'headquarter', 'address', 'Kaisaniemenkatu', '00100 Helsinki', 'way', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'person', 'Instructions', 'force', 'order', 'spread', 'health', 'safety', 'aim', 'CEO', 'Management', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'Chairman', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'Story', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Sections', 'information', 'Auditor', '31 March', 'investors', 'meetings', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'loss', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'advisory', 'month', 'Committees', 'executives', 'travel', '09', '1.', '9.']",2021-06-07,finance.yahoo.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/stocks/news/monetary-policy-likely-to-normalise-in-q4/articleshow/83291719.cms,Monetary policy likely to normalise in Q4,"The Reserve Bank of India’s monetary policy outcome was less about rates and more about the policy language, rate stance, forward guidance and liquidity infusion through the Government Securities Acquisition Programme (GSAP).The stance remained unchanged while the forward guidance continued to be unequivocally dovish.To nurture its revised state-based forward guidance, the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) added the word ‘revive’ to acknowledge the scar of the second wave of the Covid-19 pandemic while continuing with its accommodative stance of sustaining growth on a durable basis.With the policy rate space no longer being available, the RBI has increasingly shifted to regulatory and unconventional measures to deal with the pandemic fallout.This narrative alongside the governor’s statement on easing inflation providing elbow room on liquidity measures suggests that RBI may start rolling down its forward book.(The author is head, global markets- sales , trading & research, ICICI Bank)","The Reserve Bank of India’s monetary policy outcome was less about rates and more about the policy language, rate stance, forward guidance and liquidity infusion through the Government Securities Acquisition Programme (GSAP). The stance remained unchanged while the forward guidance continued to be unequivocally dovish.To nurture its revised state-based forward guidance, the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) added the word ‘revive’ to acknowledge the scar of the second wave of the Covid-19 pandemic while continuing with its accommodative stance of sustaining growth on a durable basis. Also, the MPC did not go the full length in acknowledging higher inflationary risks, but modestly increased its average inflation forecast for FY22 to 5.1% (from 5%).The post-policy comments from the RBI dismissed current inflationary pressures as transient and as a supply-side problem rather than as a demand-pull that might have required some action. Overall, the message was to focus on growth being the policy priority — best amplified by Governor Das in his own words: “there has been no thinking about a normalisation of policy” as it was “too early” and “too premature”.Though the policy spoke of an opening up of policy elbow room due to lower-than-expected April inflation, Das’ comments did not allude to the space being available on the rates side even while acknowledging liquidity. With the policy rate space no longer being available, the RBI has increasingly shifted to regulatory and unconventional measures to deal with the pandemic fallout. While highlighting the role of liquidity being the primary vehicle of transmission, the governor mentioned the need for equitable distribution of surplus liquidity.As far as the markets are concerned, the RBI reemphasised that it will maintain financial stability and congenial financing conditions. The step-up of GSAP for the second quarter with a higher commitment of Rs 1.2 lakh crore (against Rs 1 lakh crore in Q1) and the inclusion of State Development Loans (SDLs) will continue to alleviate the demand issue in the bond market.The injection of additional liquidity to the tune of Rs 36,000 crore (up to May 31) besides the Rs 60,000 crore under GSAP remains a testimony to RBI’s regular operations.To drive its message louder on the orderly evolution of the yield curve, the governor said that RBI’s liquidity measures and operational decisions on the cancellation, devolvement and exercise of green-shoe options in primary auctions “conveys the Reserve Bank’s view to the market”.However, the governor added that the “6% yield on 10-year benchmark bond is not sacrosanct” and the RBI remains focused on the entire term structure as evidenced through its purchases in the GSAP.To augment further the demand-side measures, the RBI has allowed authorised dealer banks to place margins on behalf of their FPI clients for transactions in GSecs. Such debt market reform along with reports of RBI evaluating a proposal to make GSecs eligible for settlement through Euroclear will accelerate the channelling of foreign savings in the local fixed income market.The post-policy conference addressed a lot of issues about its foreign exchange operations, balance sheet growth and dividend policy. The RBI defended its two-sided intervention in the forex markets given its objective to contain volatility in the rupee exchange rate, liquidity conditions and the need for emerging market economies to build a war chest against external exigencies.On the heightened two-way volatility in the forex forward premium market, the RBI ascribed it to the market outcome but conveyed that it stands ready to take countervailing measures to cool it down. This narrative alongside the governor’s statement on easing inflation providing elbow room on liquidity measures suggests that RBI may start rolling down its forward book. Das also ruled out the deployment of additional tools to sterilise liquidity inflows.Overall, there seems to be sufficient clarity and patience embedded in the guidance to comfort the markets on the growth-inflation tradeoff. Moreover, the RBI’s use of conventional and unconventional tools to drive MPC resolution in pursuit of sustainable durable recovery will keep the policy environment benign.The first sign of normalisation could come in the form of longer tenor VRRR (variable-rate reverse repo) followed by a narrowing of the policy rate corridor which at best may come in Q4-FY22.Till then, the markets need to remain guided by Das’ concluding remarks: “continue to think and act out of the box, planning for the worst and hoping for the best”.(The author is head, global markets- sales , trading & research, ICICI Bank)",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.3,0.14,0.56,True,English,"['Reserve Bank of India', 'Government Securities Acquisition Programme', 'Monetary Policy Committee', 'MPC', 'MPC', 'RBI', 'RBI', 'RBI', 'GSAP', 'RBI', 'RBI', 'Reserve Bank', 'RBI', 'GSAP', 'RBI', 'RBI', 'GSecs', 'Euroclear', 'RBI', 'RBI', 'RBI', 'RBI', 'MPC', 'ICICI Bank']","['Monetary policy', 'Q4', 'Government Securities Acquisition Programme', 'Such debt market reform', 'local fixed income market', 'forex forward premium market', 'current inflationary pressures', 'State Development Loans', 'entire term structure', 'longer tenor VRRR', 'variable-rate reverse repo', 'global markets- sales', 'emerging market economies', 'rupee exchange rate', 'higher inflationary risks', 'congenial financing conditions', '10-year benchmark bond', 'sustainable durable recovery', 'Monetary Policy Committee', 'average inflation forecast', 'Rs 1.2 lakh crore', 'Rs 1 lakh crore', 'foreign exchange operations', 'policy rate corridor', 'monetary policy outcome', 'balance sheet growth', 'state-based forward guidance', 'The Reserve Bank', 'policy elbow room', 'policy rate space', 'bond market', 'market outcome', 'Rs 36,000 crore', 'Rs 60,000 crore', 'forward book', 'durable basis', 'higher commitment', 'regular operations', 'foreign savings', 'rate stance', 'ICICI Bank', 'liquidity conditions', 'forex markets', 'policy priority', 'dividend policy', 'policy environment', 'second wave', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'full length', 'post-policy comments', 'supply-side problem', 'April inflation', 'unconventional measures', 'pandemic fallout', 'primary vehicle', 'equitable distribution', 'financial stability', 'second quarter', 'demand issue', 'orderly evolution', 'operational decisions', 'green-shoe options', 'primary auctions', 'demand-side measures', 'dealer banks', 'FPI clients', 'post-policy conference', 'two-sided intervention', 'war chest', 'external exigencies', 'countervailing measures', 'additional tools', 'sufficient clarity', 'growth-inflation tradeoff', 'unconventional tools', 'first sign', 'liquidity infusion', 'surplus liquidity', 'additional liquidity', 'liquidity measures', 'liquidity inflows', 'accommodative stance', 'Das’ comments', 'The RBI', 'rates side', 'yield curve', 'two-way volatility', 'MPC resolution', 'Governor Das', '6% yield', 'India', 'language', 'GSAP', 'word', 'scar', 'FY22', 'demand-pull', 'action', 'message', 'thinking', 'normalisation', 'opening', 'lower', 'than', 'expected', 'regulatory', 'role', 'transmission', 'need', 'step-up', 'inclusion', 'SDLs', 'injection', 'tune', 'May', 'testimony', 'cancellation', 'devolvement', 'exercise', 'view', 'purchases', 'authorised', 'margins', 'behalf', 'GSecs', 'reports', 'proposal', 'settlement', 'Euroclear', 'channelling', 'lot', 'issues', 'objective', 'narrative', 'statement', 'deployment', 'patience', 'use', 'pursuit', 'narrowing', 'remarks', 'box', 'head', 'trading', 'research']",2021-06-06,economictimes.indiatimes.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/royal-dutch-shell-plc-first-060000894.html,ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC FIRST QUARTER 2021 EURO AND GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTS,"Story continuesRoyal Dutch Shell plcENQUIRIES:Media: International +44 (0) 207 934 5550 Americas +1 832 337 4355CAUTIONARY NOTEThe companies in which Royal Dutch Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities.In this announcement “Shell”, “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Royal Dutch Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general.Likewise, the words “we”, “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Royal Dutch Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them.‘‘Subsidiaries’’, “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Royal Dutch Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control.LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State","The Hague, June 7, 2021 - The Board of Royal Dutch Shell plc (“RDS”) today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the first quarter 2021 interim dividend, which was announced on April 29, 2021 at US$0.1735 per A ordinary share (“A Share”) and B ordinary share (“B Share”).Dividends on A Shares will be paid, by default, in euros at the rate of €0.1426 per A Share. Holders of A Shares who have validly submitted US dollars or pounds sterling currency elections by May 28, 2021 will be entitled to a dividend of US$0.1735 or 12.26p per A Share, respectively.Dividends on B Shares will be paid, by default, in pounds sterling at the rate of 12.26p per B Share. Holders of B Shares who have validly submitted US dollars or euros currency elections by May 28, 2021 will be entitled to a dividend of US$0.1735 or €0.1426 per B Share, respectively.Euro and pounds sterling dividends payable in cash have been converted from US dollars based on an average of market exchange rates over the three dealing days from 2 June to 4 June 2021.This dividend will be payable on June 21, 2021 to those members whose names were on the Register of Members on May 14, 2021.Taxation - cash dividendCash dividends on A Shares will be subject to the deduction of Dutch dividend withholding tax at the rate of 15%, which may be reduced in certain circumstances. Non-Dutch resident shareholders, depending on their particular circumstances, may be entitled to a full or partial refund of Dutch dividend withholding tax.If you are uncertain as to the tax treatment of any dividends you should consult your tax advisor.NoteA different currency election date may apply to shareholders holding shares in a securities account with a bank or financial institution ultimately holding through Euroclear Nederland. This may also apply to other shareholders who do not hold their shares either directly on the Register of Members or in the corporate sponsored nominee arrangement. Shareholders can contact their broker, financial intermediary, bank or financial institution for the election deadline that applies.Story continuesRoyal Dutch Shell plcENQUIRIES:Media: International +44 (0) 207 934 5550 Americas +1 832 337 4355CAUTIONARY NOTEThe companies in which Royal Dutch Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”, “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Royal Dutch Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise, the words “we”, “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Royal Dutch Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’, “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Royal Dutch Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. Entities and unincorporated arrangements over which Shell has joint control are generally referred to as “joint ventures” and “joint operations”, respectively. Entities over which Shell has significant influence but neither control nor joint control are referred to as “associates”. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement, after exclusion of all third-party interest.This announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations, beliefs, estimates, forecasts, projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”, “ambition”, ‘‘anticipate’’, ‘‘believe’’, ‘‘could’’, ‘‘estimate’’, ‘‘expect’’, ‘‘goals’’, ‘‘intend’’, ‘‘may’’, ‘‘objectives’’, ‘‘outlook’’, ‘‘plan’’, ‘‘probably’’, ‘‘project’’, ‘‘risks’’, “schedule”, ‘‘seek’’, ‘‘should’’, ‘‘target’’, ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement, including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets, and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative, fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks, including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities, delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics, such as the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak; and (n) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Royal Dutch Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2020 (available at www.shell.com/investor and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement, June 7, 2021. Neither Royal Dutch Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or other information. In light of these risks, results could differ materially from those stated, implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.We may have used certain terms, such as resources, in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F, File No 1-32575, available on the SEC website www.sec.gov.LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.06,0.04,0.9,True,English,"['ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC', 'of Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'RDS', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'Shell', 'Shell Group', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'Shell', 'Shell companies', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell', 'Shell']","['ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC FIRST QUARTER', 'GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTS', 'EURO', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'first quarter 2021 interim dividend', 'different currency election date', 'Royal Dutch Shell plc', 'Dutch dividend withholding tax', 'three dealing days', 'equivalent dividend payments', 'market exchange rates', 'indirect ownership interest', 'Non-Dutch resident shareholders', 'sterling currency elections', 'separate legal entities', 'B ordinary share', 'securities account', 'tax treatment', 'tax advisor', 'election deadline', 'Shell interest', 'third-party interest', 'B Share', 'cash dividend', 'market risks', 'A Share', 'The Hague', 'The Board', 'US dollars', 'partial refund', 'financial institution', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'nominee arrangement', 'financial intermediary', 'useful purpose', 'joint ventures', 'significant influence', 'joint arrangement', 'financial condition', 'historical fact', 'other things', 'potential exposure', 'price fluctuations', 'crude oil', 'natural gas', 'other shareholders', 'joint operations', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'future operations', 'Shell Group', 'Shell companies', 'particular circumstances', 'CAUTIONARY NOTE', 'particular entity', 'unincorporated arrangements', 'joint control', 'forward-looking statements', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'sterling dividends', 'actual results', 'similar terms', 'pounds sterling', 'shares', 'RDS', 'respect', 'April', 'default', 'euros', 'May', 'average', 'June', 'members', 'names', 'Register', 'Taxation', 'deduction', 'full', 'bank', 'broker', 'Story', 'ENQUIRIES', 'International', 'Americas', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'associates', 'exclusion', 'meaning', 'businesses', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'goals', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'number', 'factors', 'limitation', 'changes', 'demand', 'products']",2021-06-07,finance.yahoo.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://www.prnewswire.com:443/news-releases/extraordinary-general-meeting-of-ab-volvo-301305049.html,Extraordinary General Meeting of AB Volvo,"AB Volvo welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting through advance voting as described below.The notice to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting follows below.Translation of Swedish originalNOTICE TO EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF AB VOLVO (publ)AB Volvo (publ) hereby gives notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting Tuesday, June 29, 2021.AB Volvo welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting through advance voting as described below.The form may be submitted via e-mail to [email protected] or by post to AB Volvo (publ), ""Extraordinary General Meeting"", c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.","GOTHENBURG, Sweden, June 3, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Due to the extraordinary situation as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and to reduce the risk of spreading the virus and having regard to the authorities' regulations and advice on restrictions of public gatherings, AB Volvo's Extraordinary General Meeting is carried out only through advance voting (postal voting) pursuant to temporary legislation. No meeting with the possibility to attend in person or to be represented by a proxy will take place.AB Volvo welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting through advance voting as described below. Information on the resolutions passed at the Meeting will be published on June 29, 2021 as soon as the result of the advance voting has been finally confirmed.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting must (i) be recorded in the share register for the meeting prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on June 18, 2021, and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the Meeting no later than June 28, 2021, by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions set out in the notice to the Meeting. Further instructions are set forth in the notice to the Meeting and in the form to be used for advance voting, available on AB Volvo's website, www.volvogroup.com.The notice to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting follows below.AB Volvo (publ)June 3, 2021Journalists wanting further information, please contactClaes Eliasson, Volvo Group Media Relations, +46 76 553 72 29For more information, please visit volvogroup.comFor frequent updates, follow us on Twitter: volvogroupThe Volvo Group drives prosperity through transport and infrastructure solutions, offering trucks, buses, construction equipment, power solutions for marine and industrial applications, financing and services that increase our customers' uptime and productivity. Founded in 1927, the Volvo Group is committed to shaping the future landscape of sustainable transport and infrastructure solutions. The Volvo Group is headquartered in Gothenburg, Sweden, employs almost 100.000 people and serves customers in more than 190 markets. In 2020, net sales amounted to about SEK 338 billion (EUR 33.6 billion). Volvo shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm.Translation of Swedish originalNOTICE TO EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF AB VOLVO (publ)AB Volvo (publ) hereby gives notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting Tuesday, June 29, 2021.Due to the extraordinary situation as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and to reduce the risk of spreading the virus and having regard to the authorities' regulations and advice on restrictions of public gatherings, AB Volvo's Extraordinary General Meeting is carried out only through advance voting (postal voting) pursuant to temporary legislation. No meeting with the possibility to attend in person or to be represented by a proxy will take place.AB Volvo welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting through advance voting as described below. Information on the resolutions passed at the Meeting will be published on June 29, 2021 as soon as the result of the advance voting has been finally confirmed.Preconditions for participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Meeting must (i) be recorded in the share register for the meeting prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on June 18, 2021, and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the Meeting no later than June 28, 2021, by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance voting below so that the advance voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.To be entitled to participate in the Meeting, in addition to providing notification of participation, a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as at June 18, 2021. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed not later than June 22, 2021 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting only by voting in advance, so-called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2020:198) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on AB Volvo's website, www.volvogroup.com. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Monday, June 28, 2021. The form may be submitted via e-mail to [email protected] or by post to AB Volvo (publ), ""Extraordinary General Meeting"", c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. Shareholders who are natural persons may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via AB Volvo's website, www.volvogroup.com. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy, a power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity, a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so, the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.For questions about the Meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post, please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 8-402 90 76 (Monday-Friday, 08.30-16.00 CEST).AgendaMatters:Election of Chairman of the Meeting Election of persons to approve the minutes Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened Resolution on extraordinary dividendMotionsPoint 1: The Board proposes attorney Sven Unger, or, in case of his impediment, the person instead appointed by the Board.Point 2: Erik Sjöman, attorney, and Martin Jonasson, general counsel Andra AP-fonden, AP2 (or if one or both of them are prevented, the person or persons instead appointed by the Board) are proposed to be elected to approve the minutes of the Meeting together with the Chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the Meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the Meeting.Point 3: The voting list proposed for approval under point 3 on the agenda, is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of AB Volvo, based on the Meeting's share register and advance votes received, as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes of the Meeting.Point 6: Following the sale of UD Trucks completed in April 2021, the Board proposes that an extraordinary dividend of SEK 9.50 per share is to be distributed to the shareholders. The record date for the extraordinary dividend payment shall be July 1, 2021. If the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal, payment of the dividend is expected to be performed through Euroclear Sweden AB on July 6, 2021.Documents and other informationThe reasoned statement of the Board pursuant to Chapter 18, Section 4, and the Board's report and the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 18 Section 6, of the Swedish Companies Act are available at www.volvogroup.com and at AB Volvo's Headquarters, Gropegårdsgatan 2, SE-417 15 Göteborg. These documents are presented at the Meeting by being available at the company's website in accordance with the above. The share register of the Meeting is available at AB Volvo's Headquarters, Gropegårdsgatan 2, SE-417 15 Göteborg, Sweden.Proxy forms for shareholders who would like to vote in advance through proxy are available at www.volvogroup.com .The documents will be sent on request to such shareholders who provide their address from the date they become available.Upon request by any shareholder and where the Board believes that such may take place without significant harm to the company, the Board and the President and CEO should provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda. A request for such information shall be made in writing to AB Volvo (publ), AA14200, Attn. Head of Corporate Legal, SE-405 08 Göteborg, Sweden, or via e-mail to [email protected], no later than on June 19, 2021. The information will be made available at AB Volvo, Gropegårdsgatan 2, SE-417 15 Göteborg, Sweden and on www.volvogroup.com, on June 24, 2021 at the latest. The information will also be sent, within the same period of time, to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.The number of shares and votesWhen this notice to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting was issued, the total number of shares in the company was 2,033,452,084, distributed among 444,987,946 series A shares (1 vote per series A share), and 1,588,464,138 series B shares (1/10 vote per series B share). The total number of votes was 603,834,359.8.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed, see the privacy notice available on Euroclear's webpage, www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. AB Volvo (publ) has corporate registration number 556012-5790 and registered office in Göteborg, Sweden.Göteborg, June 2021AB Volvo (publ)The Board of DirectorsThis information was brought to you by Cision ://news.cision.com/ab-volvo/r/extraordinary-general-meeting-of-ab-volvo,c3360161The following files are available for download:SOURCE AB Volvo",positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,mixed,0.1,0.25,0.65,True,English,"['AB Volvo', 'PRNewswire', 'AB Volvo', 'AB Volvo', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'AB Volvo', 'AB Volvo', 'Volvo Group Media', 'volvogroup.com', 'Twitter', 'Volvo Group', 'Volvo Group', 'Volvo Group', 'Volvo', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'AB Volvo', 'AB Volvo', 'AB Volvo', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'AB Volvo', 'Euroclear Sweden AB']","['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'AB Volvo', 'Volvo Group Media Relations', 'The Volvo Group', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'extraordinary situation', 'Such registration', 'right registrations', 'AB Volvo', 'voting rights', 'COVID-19 pandemic', ""authorities' regulations"", 'public gatherings', 'Claes Eliasson', 'frequent updates', 'infrastructure solutions', 'construction equipment', 'power solutions', 'industrial applications', 'future landscape', 'net sales', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Swedish original', 'other associations', 'advance vote', 'special form', 'share register', 'postal voting', 'temporary exceptions', 'Volvo shares', 'sustainable transport', 'Further instructions', 'temporary legislation', 'GOTHENBURG', 'result', 'risk', 'virus', 'regard', 'advice', 'restrictions', 'possibility', 'person', 'proxy', 'place', 'shareholders', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'June', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'accordance', 'notice', 'website', 'volvogroup', 'Journalists', 'Twitter', 'prosperity', 'trucks', 'buses', 'marine', 'financing', 'services', 'uptime', 'productivity', '100.000 people', 'customers', '190 markets', 'SEK', 'Translation', 'Preconditions', 'participation', 'heading', 'day', 'addition', 'notification', 'name', 'nominee', 'procedures', 'account', 'section', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'mail']",2021-06-03,prnewswire.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pegasus-europe-information-regarding-unit-055500996.html,Pegasus Europe – Information regarding Unit replacement,"Unit Holders can request to replace their Units by sending a notice to ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (""ABN AMRO"") via their financial intermediary who will receive this notice as Unit Conversion Agent on behalf of Pegasus.The notice of Unit replacement can be found on www.pegasuseurope.com/investor-relations.Unit Holders must also simultaneously deliver the number of Units requested to be replaced with matching instructions to ABN AMRO, BIC: ABNANL2AAGS,T2S NECIABNANL2AAGS000L10, Euroclear Account ESGP: 28001, Security account: 608060119.The Company will not be registered in the United States as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940.When made generally available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained at no cost from the Company or through the website of the Company.","AMSTERDAM, June 07, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V. (“Pegasus”), the Special Purpose Acquisition Company focused on opportunities in the European financial services industry, reminds holders of Pegasus Units (symbol: PACEU) that, as of 09:00 CEST today, they will have the option to continue to hold and trade Units, or replace their Units with Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants.Unit Holders can request to replace their Units by sending a notice to ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (""ABN AMRO"") via their financial intermediary who will receive this notice as Unit Conversion Agent on behalf of Pegasus. The notice of Unit replacement can be found on www.pegasuseurope.com/investor-relations.Unit Holders must also simultaneously deliver the number of Units requested to be replaced with matching instructions to ABN AMRO, BIC: ABNANL2AAGS,T2S NECIABNANL2AAGS000L10, Euroclear Account ESGP: 28001, Security account: 608060119.Upon receipt of the Units, ABN AMRO will deliver the Warrants (free of payment); and the Class A Ordinary Shares will be delivered upon payment of the Unit Conversion Fee (€0.005 per conversion of one Unit, with a minimum of €50 per Unit conversion instruction) on a Delivery versus Payment basis.Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.VInvestor Relations: irpegasuseurope.comMedia Relations (FinElk): pegasusfinelk.euCornelia Schnepf / Robin Haddrill: +44 7387 108 998 / +44 7920 016 203General Enquiries: infopegasuseurope.comAbout PegasusPegasus is a Special Purpose Acquisition Company focused on the European financial services sector, founded by Tikehau Capital, Financière Agache and two of Europe’s most experienced bankers. Pegasus is targeting businesses in the European financial services industry, with a primary focus on scalable platforms offering strong growth potential that could be accelerated with access to capital and strategic guidance.Jean Pierre Mustier and Diego De Giorgi are Operating Partners and Sponsors, combining their unparalleled operational and deal making financial sector experience, as well as long-term managerial, risk and governance expertise.Story continuesPegasus draws upon the deep resources of Tikehau Capital and Financière Agache, who both bring extensive investment, due diligence, operational, regulatory and capital raising experience to support our business combination partner and help it to achieve long-term success as a public company.DisclaimerThese materials are not for release, distribution or publication, whether directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part, in or into the United States (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended Canada, Australia, Japan or South Africa or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction.These materials are for information purposes only and are not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy the securities of Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V. (the ""Company"", and such securities, the ""Securities"") in the United States, Canada, Australia, Japan or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.This announcement is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the United States. The Company will not be registered in the United States as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States.In the United Kingdom, this document and any other materials in relation to the Securities is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, and any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to, and will be engaged in only with, ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) and who are also (i) persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of ""investment professionals"" in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”); or (ii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Persons who are not relevant persons should not take any action on the basis of this document and should not act or rely on it.In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”), no Units, Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants have been offered or will be offered in that relevant Member State, except that an offer to the public in that relevant Member State of any of the Units, the Class A Ordinary Shares or the Warrants may be made at any time to to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation, provided that no such offer of Units, Class A Ordinary Shares or Warrants shall require the Company to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.The Units, the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (as amended or superseded, the ‘Insurance Distribution Directive’), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the ‘PRIIPs Regulation’) for offering or selling the Units or the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Units or the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.The Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in Directive (EU) 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended) and implemented in the United Kingdom as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MIFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in UK MIFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Units and the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Units and the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.No action has been taken by the Company that would permit an offer of Securities or the possession or distribution of these materials or any other offering or publicity material relating to such Securities in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.The release, publication or distribution of these materials in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and therefore persons in such jurisdictions into which they are released, published or distributed, should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.This announcement does not constitute a prospectus. An offer to acquire Securities pursuant to the proposed offering will be made, and any investor should make his investment, solely on the basis of information that will be contained in the prospectus to be made generally available in the Netherlands in connection with such offering. When made generally available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained at no cost from the Company or through the website of the Company.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Pegasus Europe', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V.', 'Pegasus', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'ABN AMRO', 'Pegasus', 'ABN AMRO', 'ABN AMRO', 'Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V', 'FinElk', 'Pegasus', 'Pegasus', 'Tikehau Capital', 'Financière Agache', 'Pegasus', 'Pegasus', 'Tikehau Capital', 'Financière Agache', 'Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V.', 'EU', 'European Union']","['Pegasus Europe', 'Unit replacement', 'Information', 'Pegasus Acquisition Company Europe B.V.', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Special Purpose Acquisition Company', 'high net worth entities', 'European financial services industry', 'European financial services sector', 'Class A Ordinary Shares', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'financial sector experience', 'Financière Agache', 'strong growth potential', 'Jean Pierre Mustier', 'Diego De Giorgi', 'business combination partner', 'long-term managerial, risk', 'Unit Conversion Agent', 'Unit Conversion Fee', 'Unit conversion instruction', 'Financial Promotion) Order', 'capital raising experience', 'public company', 'The Company', 'European Union', 'Regulation S', 'Markets Act', 'financial intermediary', 'professional experience', 'long-term success', 'Unit replacement', 'one Unit', 'extensive investment', 'investment activity', 'investment professionals', 'Unit Holders', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'matching instructions', 'T2S NECIABNANL2AAGS000L10', 'Account ESGP', 'Security account', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Robin Haddrill', 'General Enquiries', 'Tikehau Capital', 'experienced bankers', 'primary focus', 'scalable platforms', 'strategic guidance', 'Operating Partners', 'unparalleled operational', 'deal making', 'governance expertise', 'deep resources', 'due diligence', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'relevant laws', 'information purposes', 'public offering', 'United Kingdom', 'qualified investors', 'domestic law', 'Pegasus Units', 'securities laws', 'The Securities', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'other jurisdiction', 'relevant persons', 'Payment basis', 'other materials', 'AMSTERDAM', 'opportunities', 'reminds', 'symbol', 'PACEU', 'option', 'Warrants', 'notice', 'behalf', 'www', 'pegasuseurope', 'investor-relations', 'number', 'BIC', 'receipt', 'minimum', 'Delivery', 'FinElk', 'businesses', 'access', 'Sponsors', 'Story', 'regulatory', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'distribution', 'publication', 'Rule', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'violation', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'registration', 'exemption', 'qualification', 'announcement', 'document', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'matters', 'investments', 'definition', 'invitation', 'agreement', '09:00']",2021-06-07,finance.yahoo.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-province-of-chaco-announces-commencement-of-consent-solicitation-301306361.html,The Province of Chaco Announces Commencement of Consent Solicitation,"The Consent Solicitation is being made on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the consent solicitation statement dated June 4, 2021 (the ""Consent Solicitation Statement"").For further information regarding the Consent Solicitation and the Proposed Amendments, Eligible Holders should read the Consent Solicitation Statement.The Province has engaged Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and AdCap Securities Ltd. to act as solicitation agents for the Consent Solicitation (the ""Solicitation Agents"") and Morrow Sodali Ltd. is acting as the information and tabulation agent for the Consent Solicitation (the ""Information and Tabulation Agent"").The Consent Solicitation is only being made pursuant to the Consent Solicitation Statement.Before making any decision with respect to delivering their consents, Eligible Holders should read the Consent Solicitation Statement.","CHACO, Argentina, June 4, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- The Province of Chaco (the ""Province"") announced today that it has commenced a solicitation of consents (the ""Consent Solicitation"") from Eligible Holders (as defined below) to amend its 9.375% Notes due 2024 (the ""Notes"") and the indenture governing the Notes (the ""Indenture""). The Consent Solicitation is being made on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the consent solicitation statement dated June 4, 2021 (the ""Consent Solicitation Statement"").On April 12, 2021, the Province reached an agreement in principle with an ad hoc group of bondholders represented by VR Advisory Services Ltd. (the ""Ad Hoc Bondholder Group""), which according to the group, it holds approximately 50% of the Notes outstanding, pursuant to which the Ad Hoc Bondholder Group is expected to support the Province's proposal to amend the Notes and the Indenture as set forth in the Consent Solicitation Statement by submitting their consents to the Proposed Amendments (as defined below).If the Consent Solicitation is successfully consummated, the terms of the amended Notes are expected to provide the Province with significant debt service relief in the form of coupon reductions and maturity reprofiling.The following table sets forth certain information relating to the Notes:Series of Notes ISIN CUSIP Principal AmountOutstanding MinimumDenomination 9.375% Notes due 2024 Rule 144A: US157223AA64 Rule 144A:157223 AA6 U.S.$250,000,000 U.S.$150,000and multiples ofU.S.$1,000 inexcess thereofRegulation S: USP2389CAA10 Regulation S:P2389C AA1Terms of the Consent SolicitationIf consents from Eligible Holders (as defined below) of more than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes (the ""Requisite Consents"") are obtained, the Supplemental Indenture (as defined below) is executed, and the other conditions to the effectiveness of the Proposed Amendments set forth in the Consent Solicitation Statement are satisfied or waived, where applicable, the Proposed Amendments will be binding on all holders of Notes whether or not they delivered a consent. In this event, the economic terms of such holder's modified Notes will differ significantly from the economic terms of its Notes prior to the effectiveness of the Proposed Amendments.If the Requisite Consents are obtained by the Expiration Time (as defined below), we expect that a supplemental indenture to the Indenture (the ""Supplemental Indenture"") will be executed, and that the Proposed Amendments will become effective and operative as soon as practicable after the Expiration Time (such date, the ""Settlement Date""). Pursuant to the Consent Solicitation Statement, by submitting their consents, Eligible Holders will authorize and direct the trustee for the Notes (the ""Trustee"") to execute the Supplemental Indenture and to take all necessary actions to give effect to the Proposed Amendments.The Consent Solicitation will expire at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on June 23, 2021, unless extended or earlier terminated by the Province in its sole discretion (the ""Expiration Time""). Consents may not be revoked at any time except in the limited circumstances described in the Consent Solicitation Statement.The Province reserves the right in its sole discretion to extend or amend the Consent Solicitation, and to reject any and all consents with respect to any Notes.Consent ConsiderationEligible Holders who validly deliver a consent on or prior to the Expiration Time will be eligible to receive as consent consideration a pro rata share of the aggregate amount of accrued and unpaid interest on all Outstanding Notes from February 18, 2020 to, but excluding, the Settlement Date (the ""Consent Consideration""), of which (i) 60% will be paid in cash (""Cash Consent Consideration"") subject to the deduction of the Transaction Expenses (as defined below) with Eligible Holders that deliver their consents being deemed to consent to such deduction, and (ii) 40% will be paid by the issuance and delivery of additional Notes (as amended by the Supplemental Indenture), which may be subject to rounding as set forth in ""The Consent Solicitation—Consent Consideration"", through the addition of such additional Notes to the principal amount of Notes in respect of which consents have been validly delivered and accepted (the ""Aggregated PIK"").The Consent Consideration will be allocated pro rata among consenting Eligible Holders only based on the total principal amount of Notes as to which consents have been validly delivered and accepted. The Consent Consideration will be payable on the Settlement Date to each Eligible Holder whose validly delivered consent is accepted pursuant to this Consent Solicitation Statement and only if the Supplemental Indenture is executed. No Consent Consideration will be paid if (i) the Consent Solicitation is terminated, withdrawn or otherwise not consummated, (ii) the Requisite Consents are not obtained, or (iii) the Proposed Amendments do not otherwise become effective with respect to the Notes.By delivering their consents on or prior to the Expiration Time, Eligible Holders will be deemed to have instructed the Province to apply on the Settlement Date an amount of U.S.$200,000 from the Cash Consent Consideration to cover certain customary fees and costs of the Ad Hoc Bondholder Group and its members relating to or in connection with the Consent Solicitation (the ""Transaction Expenses""). For the avoidance of doubt, the Transaction Expenses will be deducted on a pro rata basis from the Cash Consent Consideration to be received by each Eligible Holder whose consent is delivered at or prior to the Expiration Time and accepted by the Province pursuant to this Consent Solicitation Statement.Summary of the Proposed AmendmentsIf the Requisite Consents are obtained, the Supplemental Indenture is executed, and the other conditions set forth in the Consent Solicitation Statement are satisfied or waived, where applicable, the terms of the Indenture and the Notes will be amended to give effect to the modifications summarized below (the ""Proposed Amendments""):(i) extend the maturity date of the Notes until February 18, 2028;(ii) irrevocably waive the right to receive any accrued and unpaid interest and any default interest thereon through and excluding the Settlement Date, and thereafter the Province shall agree to pay interest semi-annually in arrears on February 18 and August 18 of each year, commencing on August 18, 2021, with interest accruing from the Settlement Date;(iii) amend the interest rates payable on the Notes as follows:a. for the period from and including the Settlement Date to but excluding February 18, 2022, the interest rate on the Notes will be 3.50% per annum;b. for the period from and including February 18, 2022 to but excluding February 18, 2023, the interest rate on the Notes will be 4.75% per annum;c. for the period from and including February 18, 2023 to but excluding February 18, 2024, the interest rate on the Notes will be 6.50% per annum; andd. for the period from and including February 18, 2024 to but excluding February 18, 2028, the interest rate on the Notes will be 8.25% per annum;(iv) amend the amortization schedule of the Notes to nine equal semi-annual installments as follows, expressed as a percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes on the Settlement Date, including the Aggregated PIK payable as Consent Consideration:Payment Date Principal Amount Payable February 18, 2024 11.12% August 18, 2024 11.11% February 18, 2025 11.11% August 18, 2025 11.11% February 18, 2026 11.11% August 18, 2026 11.11% February 18, 2027 11.11% August 18, 2027 11.11% February 18, 2028 11.11%(v) amend the minimum denominations of the Notes from U.S.$150,000 and multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof, to U.S.$150,000 and multiples of U.S.$1.00 in excess thereof;(vi) amend the Indenture and the Notes to provide that, with respect to the right of any Holder to pursue a remedy under the Indenture or the Notes, the Province acknowledges the right of any beneficial holder of the Notes to pursue such remedy with respect to the portion of the relevant global security that represents such beneficial holder's securities as if certificated securities had been issued to such beneficial holder;(vii) amend the definition of ""Reserve Matter Modification"" in the Indenture to include the following modifications within the scope of the same:a. increasing the percentage of the aggregate principal amount then outstanding required to be held by holders to declare the debt securities of such series due and payable immediately, or reducing the percentage of the aggregate principal amount then outstanding required to be held by holders to waive any existing defaults or rescind or annul any notice of acceleration and its consequences;b. amending the provisions of the Indenture or any series of Debt Securities that govern the re-designation of series of debt securities in the context of a reserve matter modification; andc. amending the provisions of the Indenture or any series of Debt Securities that govern the restrictions on the Province's ability to conduct a reserve matter modification with single aggregated voting following a reserve matter modification with two-tier voting or a restructuring exchange offer;(viii) irrevocably waive any requirements to publish notices to the Holders in leading newspapers pursuant to Paragraph 12 of the Notes in connection with the Consent Solicitation and the execution of the Supplemental Indenture, and amend the Notes to permanently eliminate such requirements with respect to the Notes;(ix) amend the Indenture to include provisions governing the re-designation of series subject to a reserved matter modification;(x) amend the Indenture to include provisions that govern the restrictions on the Province's ability to conduct a reserve matter modification with single aggregated voting following a reserve matter modification with two-tier voting or a restructuring exchange offer; and(xi) replace all references to ""9.375% Notes due 2024"" with ""Step-Up Notes due 2028"".In addition to the Proposed Amendments, by delivering a consent, each Eligible Holder agrees with the Province to: (i) consent to the rescission and annulment of any acceleration of the Notes that may have occurred on or prior to the Settlement Date and otherwise waive the requirement that all payment defaults under the Notes shall have been cured, waived or otherwise remedied as a condition to any rescission or annulment of acceleration, (ii) instruct the Information and Tabulation Agent, on behalf of such Eligible Holder, to provide written certification to us and the Trustee of the aggregate principal amount of Notes for which consents have been received containing the consent of the Eligible Holders to the rescission and annulment of such acceleration, (iii) waive any default or Event of Default that may have occurred under the Indenture and the Notes on or prior to the Settlement Date, including without limitation, any default or Event of Default in connection with the Province's failure to pay interest under the Indenture and the Notes, and (iv) waive and release the Province from any and all claims such Eligible Holder may have now or in the future arising out of any such acceleration, defaults or Events of Default, as applicable, arising or occurring on or prior to the Settlement Date and acknowledge and agree that any such acceleration, defaults or Events of Default shall be deemed rescinded, annulled and cured, as applicable, upon the effectiveness of the Proposed Amendments and consummation of the Consent Solicitation.For further information regarding the Consent Solicitation and the Proposed Amendments, Eligible Holders should read the Consent Solicitation Statement.The Province will make (or cause to be made) all announcements regarding the Consent Solicitation by press release in accordance with applicable law. Copies of all such announcements will be available to Eligible Holders on  (the ""Consent Website"").The Province has engaged Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and AdCap Securities Ltd. to act as solicitation agents for the Consent Solicitation (the ""Solicitation Agents"") and Morrow Sodali Ltd. is acting as the information and tabulation agent for the Consent Solicitation (the ""Information and Tabulation Agent""). Any questions or requests for assistance regarding the Consent Solicitation may be directed to the Solicitation Agents, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., at +1 (855) 287-1922 (toll-free) or +1 (212) 250-7527 (collect), and AdCap Securities Ltd., at +1 (646) 280 8732. Eligible Holders, or custodians for such holders, with questions or requests for assistance regarding the procedures related to the Consent Solicitation may contact the Information and Tabulation Agent at +1 (203) 609 4910 or [email protected].We have not registered and will not register the Consent Solicitation or the Notes under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ""Securities Act""), or any state securities law. Consents are being solicited only from holders of the Notes that are: (1) ""qualified institutional buyers"" as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (""QIBs"") or (2) outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (""Regulation S"") and who are ""non-U.S. persons,"" and otherwise eligible to receive the Consent Solicitation Statement under the laws of their jurisdiction (each, an ""Eligible Holder""). Only holders of Notes who have certified that they are within one of the categories described in the immediately preceding sentence via the Consent Website are authorized to receive and review the Consent Solicitation Statement and to participate in the Consent Solicitation.This announcement is for informational purposes only and is not an invitation or a solicitation of consents from any holders of Notes. The Consent Solicitation is only being made pursuant to the Consent Solicitation Statement. Before making any decision with respect to delivering their consents, Eligible Holders should read the Consent Solicitation Statement. Eligible Holders, or custodians for such holders, may obtain a copy of the Consent Solicitation Statement by contacting the Information and Tabulation Agent or by downloading it, following registration, via the Consent Website.Eligible Holders are advised to check with any bank, securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Notes as to when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from such Eligible Holder in order for that Eligible Holder to be able to deliver their consent before the deadlines specified herein and in the Consent Solicitation Statement. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and The Depository Trust Company, Euroclear and Clearstream Banking for the delivery of consents will also be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified herein and in the Consent Solicitation Statement.NONE OF THE SOLICITATION AGENTS, THE TRUSTEE, THE INFORMATION AND TABULATION AGENT NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES MAKES ANY RECOMMENDATION AS TO WHETHER ELIGIBLE HOLDERS SHOULD DELIVER THEIR CONSENTS PURSUANT TO THE CONSENT SOLICITATION, AND NO ONE HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED BY ANY OF THEM TO MAKE SUCH A RECOMMENDATION. EACH ELIGIBLE HOLDER MUST MAKE ITS OWN DECISION AS TO WHETHER TO CONSENT TO THE PROPOSED AMENDMENTS.The distribution of materials relating to the Consent Solicitation may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Consent Solicitation is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the Consent Solicitation come into your possession, you are required by the Province to inform yourself of and to observe all of these restrictions, including whether you are a Holder pursuant to the laws of your jurisdiction. The materials relating to the Consent Solicitation, including this communication, do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.If a jurisdiction requires that the Consent Solicitation be made by a licensed broker or agent and the Solicitation Agent or any affiliate of the Solicitation Agent is a licensed broker or agent in that jurisdiction, the Consent Solicitation shall be deemed to be made by the Solicitation Agent or such affiliate on behalf of the Province in that jurisdiction. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains certain ""forward-looking"" statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such forward-looking statements are based on current plans, estimates and projection, and therefore you should not put undue reliance on them. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and are based on numerous assumptions and that the Province's actual results of operations, including our financial condition and liquidity, expenses, performance or the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, may differ materially from those made in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements. The Province undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Notice to Holders In the United StatesThe Province is making this announcement in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. These exemptions apply to offers and sales of securities that do not involve a public offering. The amended Notes have not been recommended by any U.S. or non-U.S. securities authorities, and these authorities have not determined that this announcement is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.Media contacts: Morrow Sodali - [email protected] – phone +1 203 609 4910SOURCE The Province of Chaco",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.18,0.16,0.66,True,English,"['PRNewswire', 'VR Advisory Services Ltd.', 'Ad Hoc Bondholder Group', 'Ad Hoc Bondholder Group']","['The Province', 'Consent Solicitation', 'Chaco', 'Commencement', 'VR Advisory Services Ltd', 'significant debt service relief', 'Ad Hoc Bondholder Group', 'New York City time', 'ISIN CUSIP Principal Amount', 'ad hoc group', 'total principal amount', 'aggregate principal amount', '157223 AA6 U.S', 'pro rata share', 'consent solicitation statement', 'No Consent Consideration', 'The Consent Solicitation', 'The Consent Consideration', 'Cash Consent Consideration', 'aggregate amount', 'Expiration Time', 'The Province', 'Proposed Amendments', 'coupon reductions', 'maturity reprofiling', 'following table', 'Outstanding Minimum', 'Rule 144A', 'US157223AA64 Rule', 'P2389C AA1', 'necessary actions', 'sole discretion', 'limited circumstances', 'unpaid interest', 'Transaction Expenses', 'Aggregated PIK', 'Eligible Holders', 'Settlement Date', 'Supplemental Indenture', 'USP2389CAA10 Regulation', 'other conditions', 'economic terms', 'Requisite Consents', 'outstanding Notes', 'additional Notes', '9.375% Notes', 'CHACO', 'Argentina', 'PRNewswire', 'June', 'April', 'agreement', 'principle', 'bondholders', 'proposal', 'form', 'Series', 'Denomination', 'multiples', 'excess', 'effectiveness', 'event', 'modified', 'trustee', 'right', 'respect', 'February', 'deduction', 'deliver', 'issuance', 'rounding', 'consenting', '5:00']",2021-06-05,prnewswire.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Bing API,https://www.bloombergquint.com/economy-finance/a-tax-question-stands-between-india-and-its-long-sought-after-global-bond-index-listing,A Tax Question Stands Between India And Its Long-Sought After Global Bond Index Listing,"When a bond is sold within India between residents, a capital gains tax is applicable.The long term capital gains tax is set at 10% flat or 20% with indexation.The applicability of capital gains tax in such a scenario is an issue, the person said.Euroclear is of the view that there cannot be different laws for different scenarios in terms of capital gains tax.However, the tax department is not in favour of the idea of entirely exempting non-residents from the capital gains tax, the person said.","These issues stand in the way of Euroclear allowing settlement of Indian bonds, two people familiar with the matter told BloombergQuint on condition of anonymity.The Finance Ministry’s Department of Revenue is currently studying the issue of the applicability of capital gains tax in a scenario where a non-resident sells bonds to another non-resident once Indian securities are listed on global indices, one of the two people quoted above said.When a bond is sold within India between residents, a capital gains tax is applicable. The long term capital gains tax is set at 10% flat or 20% with indexation.But what happens when a non-resident sells to another non-resident? The applicability of capital gains tax in such a scenario is an issue, the person said.The issue of a sale between a non-resident and a resident is also being discussed.Euroclear is of the view that there cannot be different laws for different scenarios in terms of capital gains tax. However, the tax department is not in favour of the idea of entirely exempting non-residents from the capital gains tax, the person said.There are pending issues that have to be resolved before we can start clearing on Euroclear, said the second person cited earlier. The Department of Revenue is working on it since there are some legitimate concerns that need to be addressed, the second person said.A third person familiar with the matter, while acknowledging that taxation related issues have cropped up recently, said these matters can be resolved. Similar issues have been addressed in the case of other nations too, said this person, adding that relevant authorities are in discussions.An email sent to the Ministry of Finance on Wednesday was not answered. Euroclear declined to comment.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.13,0.54,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'BloombergQuint', 'Finance Ministry', 'Department of Revenue', 'Euroclear', 'Euroclear', 'Department of Revenue', 'Ministry of Finance', 'Euroclear']","['Global Bond Index Listing', 'Tax Question', 'India', 'long term capital gains tax', 'The Finance Ministry', 'tax department', 'two people', 'Indian securities', 'global indices', 'different laws', 'different scenarios', 'legitimate concerns', 'other nations', 'relevant authorities', 'pending issues', 'related issues', 'Similar issues', 'Indian bonds', 'second person', 'third person', 'resident sells', 'way', 'Euroclear', 'settlement', 'matter', 'BloombergQuint', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'Revenue', 'applicability', 'residents', 'indexation', 'sale', 'view', 'terms', 'favour', 'idea', 'taxation', 'case', 'discussions', 'email', 'Wednesday']",2021-06-10,bloombergquint.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Bing API,https://www.ifre.com/story/2910600/euroclear-investments-hybrid-books-over-eur27bn-talk-tightened-0375-k0z101qmsg,"Euroclear Investments hybrid books over EUR2.7bn, talk tightened 0.375%",Our Privacy Statement & Cookie PolicyAll Refinitiv websites use cookies to improve your online experience.They were placed on your computer when you launched this website.You can change your cookie settings through your browser.,Our Privacy Statement & Cookie PolicyAll Refinitiv websites use cookies to improve your online experience. They were placed on your computer when you launched this website. You can change your cookie settings through your browser.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear Investments', 'Refinitiv']","['Euroclear Investments hybrid books', 'Privacy Statement', 'Cookie Policy', 'Refinitiv websites', 'online experience', 'cookie settings', 'cookies', 'computer', 'browser']",2021-06-09,ifre.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/extraordinary-general-meeting-of-ab-volvo-1030490794,Extraordinary General Meeting of AB Volvo,"AB Volvo welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting through advance voting as described below.The notice to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting follows below.Translation of Swedish originalNOTICE TO EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF AB VOLVO (publ)AB Volvo (publ) hereby gives notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting Tuesday, June 29, 2021.AB Volvo welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting through advance voting as described below.The form may be submitted via e-mail to GeneralMeetingServiceeuroclear.com or by post to AB Volvo (publ), ""Extraordinary General Meeting"", c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.","GOTHENBURG, Sweden, June 3, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Due to the extraordinary situation as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and to reduce the risk of spreading the virus and having regard to the authorities' regulations and advice on restrictions of public gatherings, AB Volvo's Extraordinary General Meeting is carried out only through advance voting (postal voting) pursuant to temporary legislation. No meeting with the possibility to attend in person or to be represented by a proxy will take place.AB Volvo welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting through advance voting as described below. Information on the resolutions passed at the Meeting will be published on June 29, 2021 as soon as the result of the advance voting has been finally confirmed.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting must (i) be recorded in the share register for the meeting prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on June 18, 2021, and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the Meeting no later than June 28, 2021, by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions set out in the notice to the Meeting. Further instructions are set forth in the notice to the Meeting and in the form to be used for advance voting, available on AB Volvo's website, www.volvogroup.com.The notice to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting follows below.AB Volvo (publ)June 3, 2021Journalists wanting further information, please contactClaes Eliasson, Volvo Group Media Relations, +46 76 553 72 29For more information, please visit volvogroup.comFor frequent updates, follow us on Twitter: volvogroupThe Volvo Group drives prosperity through transport and infrastructure solutions, offering trucks, buses, construction equipment, power solutions for marine and industrial applications, financing and services that increase our customers' uptime and productivity. Founded in 1927, the Volvo Group is committed to shaping the future landscape of sustainable transport and infrastructure solutions. The Volvo Group is headquartered in Gothenburg, Sweden, employs almost 100.000 people and serves customers in more than 190 markets. In 2020, net sales amounted to about SEK 338 billion (EUR 33.6 billion). Volvo shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm.Translation of Swedish originalNOTICE TO EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF AB VOLVO (publ)AB Volvo (publ) hereby gives notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting Tuesday, June 29, 2021.Due to the extraordinary situation as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and to reduce the risk of spreading the virus and having regard to the authorities' regulations and advice on restrictions of public gatherings, AB Volvo's Extraordinary General Meeting is carried out only through advance voting (postal voting) pursuant to temporary legislation. No meeting with the possibility to attend in person or to be represented by a proxy will take place.AB Volvo welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting through advance voting as described below. Information on the resolutions passed at the Meeting will be published on June 29, 2021 as soon as the result of the advance voting has been finally confirmed.Preconditions for participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Meeting must (i) be recorded in the share register for the meeting prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on June 18, 2021, and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the Meeting no later than June 28, 2021, by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance voting below so that the advance voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.To be entitled to participate in the Meeting, in addition to providing notification of participation, a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as at June 18, 2021. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed not later than June 22, 2021 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting only by voting in advance, so-called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2020:198) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on AB Volvo's website, www.volvogroup.com. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Monday, June 28, 2021. The form may be submitted via e-mail to GeneralMeetingServiceeuroclear.com or by post to AB Volvo (publ), ""Extraordinary General Meeting"", c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. Shareholders who are natural persons may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via AB Volvo's website, www.volvogroup.com. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy, a power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity, a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so, the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.For questions about the Meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post, please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 8-402 90 76 (Monday-Friday, 08.30-16.00 CEST).AgendaMatters:Election of Chairman of the MeetingElection of persons to approve the minutesPreparation and approval of the voting listApproval of the agendaDetermination of whether the Meeting has been duly convenedResolution on extraordinary dividendMotionsPoint 1: The Board proposes attorney Sven Unger, or, in case of his impediment, the person instead appointed by the Board.Point 2: Erik Sjöman, attorney, and Martin Jonasson, general counsel Andra AP-fonden, AP2 (or if one or both of them are prevented, the person or persons instead appointed by the Board) are proposed to be elected to approve the minutes of the Meeting together with the Chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the Meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the Meeting.Point 3: The voting list proposed for approval under point 3 on the agenda, is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of AB Volvo, based on the Meeting's share register and advance votes received, as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes of the Meeting.Point 6: Following the sale of UD Trucks completed in April 2021, the Board proposes that an extraordinary dividend of SEK 9.50 per share is to be distributed to the shareholders. The record date for the extraordinary dividend payment shall be July 1, 2021. If the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal, payment of the dividend is expected to be performed through Euroclear Sweden AB on July 6, 2021.Documents and other informationThe reasoned statement of the Board pursuant to Chapter 18, Section 4, and the Board's report and the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 18 Section 6, of the Swedish Companies Act are available at www.volvogroup.com and at AB Volvo's Headquarters, Gropegårdsgatan 2, SE-417 15 Göteborg. These documents are presented at the Meeting by being available at the company's website in accordance with the above. The share register of the Meeting is available at AB Volvo's Headquarters, Gropegårdsgatan 2, SE-417 15 Göteborg, Sweden.Proxy forms for shareholders who would like to vote in advance through proxy are available at www.volvogroup.com .The documents will be sent on request to such shareholders who provide their address from the date they become available.Upon request by any shareholder and where the Board believes that such may take place without significant harm to the company, the Board and the President and CEO should provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda. A request for such information shall be made in writing to AB Volvo (publ), AA14200, Attn. Head of Corporate Legal, SE-405 08 Göteborg, Sweden, or via e-mail to corporatelegalvolvo.com, no later than on June 19, 2021. The information will be made available at AB Volvo, Gropegårdsgatan 2, SE-417 15 Göteborg, Sweden and on www.volvogroup.com, on June 24, 2021 at the latest. The information will also be sent, within the same period of time, to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.The number of shares and votesWhen this notice to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting was issued, the total number of shares in the company was 2,033,452,084, distributed among 444,987,946 series A shares (1 vote per series A share), and 1,588,464,138 series B shares (1/10 vote per series B share). The total number of votes was 603,834,359.8.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed, see the privacy notice available on Euroclear's webpage, www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. AB Volvo (publ) has corporate registration number 556012-5790 and registered office in Göteborg, Sweden.Göteborg, June 2021AB Volvo (publ)The Board of DirectorsThis information was brought to you by Cision ://news.cision.com/ab-volvo/r/extraordinary-general-meeting-of-ab-volvo,c3360161The following files are available for download: 210603-ab-volvo-extraordinary-general-meeting-eng -volvo/i/1860x1050-news-common-volvo-sign,c2921231 1860x1050-news-common-volvo-signView original content:-releases/extraordinary-general-meeting-of-ab-volvo-301305049.htmlSOURCE AB Volvo",positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,mixed,0.1,0.25,0.65,True,English,"['AB Volvo', 'PRNewswire', 'AB Volvo', 'AB Volvo', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'AB Volvo', 'AB Volvo', 'Volvo Group Media', 'volvogroup.com', 'Twitter', 'Volvo Group', 'Volvo Group', 'Volvo Group', 'Volvo', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'AB Volvo', 'AB Volvo', 'AB Volvo', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'AB Volvo', 'Euroclear Sweden AB']","['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'AB Volvo', 'Volvo Group Media Relations', 'The Volvo Group', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'extraordinary situation', 'Such registration', 'right registrations', 'AB Volvo', 'voting rights', 'COVID-19 pandemic', ""authorities' regulations"", 'public gatherings', 'Claes Eliasson', 'frequent updates', 'infrastructure solutions', 'construction equipment', 'power solutions', 'industrial applications', 'future landscape', 'net sales', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Swedish original', 'other associations', 'advance vote', 'special form', 'share register', 'postal voting', 'temporary exceptions', 'Volvo shares', 'sustainable transport', 'Further instructions', 'temporary legislation', 'GOTHENBURG', 'result', 'risk', 'virus', 'regard', 'advice', 'restrictions', 'possibility', 'person', 'proxy', 'place', 'shareholders', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'June', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'accordance', 'notice', 'website', 'volvogroup', 'Journalists', 'Twitter', 'prosperity', 'trucks', 'buses', 'marine', 'financing', 'services', 'uptime', 'productivity', '100.000 people', 'customers', '190 markets', 'SEK', 'Translation', 'Preconditions', 'participation', 'heading', 'day', 'addition', 'notification', 'name', 'nominee', 'procedures', 'account', 'section', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService']",2021-06-03,markets.businessinsider.com,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"XBRL News from the British isles with KIDs  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",,"XBRL News from the British isles with KIDs  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['XBRL', 'Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'XBRL', 'Euroclear', 'Fintech']","['KIDs  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'XBRL News', 'British isles', 'Fintech   regtech', 'KIDs  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'XBRL News', 'British isles', 'Fintech   regtech']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"Fintech start-up Nude launches new finance app to help first-time buyers  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",,"Fintech start-up Nude launches new finance app to help first-time buyers  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Fintech', 'Nude', 'Fintech', 'Fintech', 'Nude', 'Fintech']","['first-time buyers  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'new finance app', 'Fintech start-up Nude', 'Fintech   regtech', 'first-time buyers  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'new finance app', 'Fintech start-up Nude', 'Fintech   regtech']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,MULTI STEP PROGRAM FREE EUROCLEAR DELIVERY :$100M-$5B ASSET TYPE: Medium Term Note  MTN DURATION: 12 Months by Euro…,,MULTI STEP PROGRAM FREE EUROCLEAR DELIVERY :$100M-$5B ASSET TYPE: Medium Term Note  MTN DURATION: 12 Months by Euro…,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,[],"['Medium Term Note  MTN DURATION', 'MULTI STEP PROGRAM', '5B ASSET TYPE', 'EUROCLEAR DELIVERY', '12 Months', 'Medium Term Note  MTN DURATION', 'MULTI STEP PROGRAM', '5B ASSET TYPE', 'EUROCLEAR DELIVERY', '12 Months']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"Virgin Money Australia goes live on Temenos Banking Cloud  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",,"Virgin Money Australia goes live on Temenos Banking Cloud  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Virgin Money Australia', 'Temenos', 'Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'Virgin Money Australia', 'Temenos', 'Euroclear', 'Fintech']","['Temenos Banking Cloud  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Virgin Money Australia', 'Fintech   regtech', 'Temenos Banking Cloud  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Virgin Money Australia', 'Fintech   regtech']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"In his latest blog,  Stephan_Pouyat, Euroclear's Global Head of Capital Markets and Funds Services, shares with you…",,"In his latest blog,  Stephan_Pouyat, Euroclear's Global Head of Capital Markets and Funds Services, shares with you…",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Euroclear']","['latest blog', 'Global Head', 'Capital Markets', 'Funds Services', 'Stephan_Pouyat', 'Euroclear', 'latest blog', 'Global Head', 'Capital Markets', 'Funds Services', 'Stephan_Pouyat', 'Euroclear']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"BlackRock to buy slice of 10x Future Technologies in £130m funding round  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",,"BlackRock to buy slice of 10x Future Technologies in £130m funding round  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['BlackRock', '10x', 'Future Technologies', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'BlackRock', '10x', 'Future Technologies', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech']","['10x Future Technologies', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech   regtech', 'BlackRock', 'slice', '10x Future Technologies', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech   regtech', 'BlackRock', 'slice']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"Governance flaws are starting to hurt banks’ credit ratings  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",,"Governance flaws are starting to hurt banks’ credit ratings  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['AAA', 'Fintech', 'AAA', 'Fintech']","['banks’ credit ratings  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Governance flaws', 'Fintech   regtech', 'banks’ credit ratings  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Governance flaws', 'Fintech   regtech']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"Philippines grants digital banking licence to Unobank holding company  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",,"Philippines grants digital banking licence to Unobank holding company  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Unobank', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech', 'Unobank', 'AAA Websites', 'Fintech']","['Unobank holding company  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'digital banking licence', 'Fintech   regtech', 'Philippines', 'Unobank holding company  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'digital banking licence', 'Fintech   regtech', 'Philippines']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"Financial wellness platform Credit Sesame raises $51m to fuel expansion plans  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech…",,"Financial wellness platform Credit Sesame raises $51m to fuel expansion plans  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech…",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Credit Sesame', 'AAA Websites', 'Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'Credit Sesame', 'AAA Websites', 'Euroclear', 'Fintech']","['Financial wellness platform', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Credit Sesame', 'expansion plans', 'Fintech', 'Financial wellness platform', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Credit Sesame', 'expansion plans', 'Fintech']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"The Underwriter’s Gambit Part 2: Algorithm-Led Advances in Complex and Specialty Risks  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fint…",,"The Underwriter’s Gambit Part 2: Algorithm-Led Advances in Complex and Specialty Risks  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fint…",negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['AAA', 'Euroclear', 'Fint', 'AAA', 'Euroclear', 'Fint']","['Specialty Risks  AAA Websites', 'The Underwriter', 'Gambit Part', 'Led Advances', 'Algorithm', 'Complex', 'Specialty Risks  AAA Websites', 'The Underwriter', 'Gambit Part', 'Led Advances', 'Algorithm', 'Complex']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,Finance Ministry and Euroclear are discussing the applicability of capital gains tax on bond transactions settled o…,,Finance Ministry and Euroclear are discussing the applicability of capital gains tax on bond transactions settled o…,positive,0.69,0.28,0.03,positive,0.69,0.28,0.03,True,English,"['Finance Ministry', 'Euroclear', 'Finance Ministry', 'Euroclear']","['capital gains tax', 'Finance Ministry', 'bond transactions', 'Euroclear', 'applicability', 'capital gains tax', 'Finance Ministry', 'bond transactions', 'Euroclear', 'applicability']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,Pending tax issues have to be resolved before Euroclear can be given the green signal &amp; India can pave the way for…,,Pending tax issues have to be resolved before Euroclear can be given the green signal &amp; India can pave the way for…,neutral,0.35,0.47,0.18,neutral,0.35,0.47,0.18,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Euroclear']","['Pending tax issues', 'green signal', 'Euroclear', 'amp', 'India', 'way', 'Pending tax issues', 'green signal', 'Euroclear', 'amp', 'India', 'way']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"The elephant in the room  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",,"The elephant in the room  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['AAA', 'Fintech   regtech', 'AAA', 'Fintech   regtech']","['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech   regtech', 'elephant', 'room', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech   regtech', 'elephant', 'room']",2021-06-09,Unknown,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"Lawmakers aren’t ready to rubber-stamp Fed digital dollar  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",,"Lawmakers aren’t ready to rubber-stamp Fed digital dollar  AAA Websites Euroclear,Fintech   regtech",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Fed', 'Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'Fed', 'Euroclear', 'Fintech']","['Fed digital dollar  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech   regtech', 'Lawmakers', 'Fed digital dollar  AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech   regtech', 'Lawmakers']",2021-06-09,Unknown,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.zawya.com/mena/en/press-releases/story/Clearstream_and_Edaa_open_connection_to_increase_international_investors_access_to_the_Saudi_capital_market-ZAWYA20210607122952/,Clearstream and Edaa open connection to increase international investors access to the Saudi capital market,"Clearstream is the first ICSD to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market.This step will give international investors seamless access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and ETFs denominated in Saudi Riyal (SAR).It also represents Edaa’s efforts to support the development of the Saudi capital market and sustain Saudi Arabia’s competitiveness ranking among its G20 peers.Jan Willems, Head of Global Markets at Clearstream, commented: “The Saudi capital market has been increasingly attractive to international investors.www.clearstream.comAbout EdaaThe Securities Depository Center Company (“Edaa”) was established in 2016 and is fully owned by the Saudi Tadawul Group.","Clearstream is the first ICSD to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market. Its eligible clients will be allowed to access and trade on the Saudi Exchange commencing 14th June 2021 through the indirect linkage that will be established via HSBC Saudi Arabia who will act as the local custodian for Clearstream. This step will give international investors seamless access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and ETFs denominated in Saudi Riyal (SAR).LUXEMBOURG/RIYADH: Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Börse Group, will connect the Saudi capital market to its network through a linkage with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa), a company fully owned by Saudi Tadawul Group and responsible for operating and maintaining the Depository and Settlement System (DSS).Besides being able to use their existing accounts at Clearstream, eligible customers will enjoy the benefit of not having to apply for Qualified Foreign Investor (QFI) status to invest in the Saudi Sukuk/Bonds Market and ETFs listed on the Saudi Exchange. For the first time, international investors will be eligible to hold Saudi fixed-income securities and ETFs via a foreign nominee omnibus account structure, benefitting also from the usual suite of ICSD services, including offshore (internal) settlement. As a result, an increase in demand for Saudi government bonds from cross-border investors is expected, thereby improving liquidity in the domestic market.The linkage comes following the Saudi Capital Market Authority’s (CMA) recent approval of Edaa’s international central securities depository (ICSD) instructions, aiming to develop a consistent regulatory environment in alignment with international best practices. It also represents Edaa’s efforts to support the development of the Saudi capital market and sustain Saudi Arabia’s competitiveness ranking among its G20 peers.Jan Willems, Head of Global Markets at Clearstream, commented: “The Saudi capital market has been increasingly attractive to international investors. We are excited to now offer our clients access together with excellent market partners with great local reach. Adding the Saudi market to our network is a further token of Clearstream’s commitment to support emerging capital markets in their integration into the global financial system, creating further investment opportunities backed by our trusted, high-quality service offering.”Raed Alhumaid, CEO of Edaa, said: “We are keen to partner with a leading post-trade services provider as we seek to create strong links with global depositary centers to introduce advanced services for market participants. The linkage with the International Central Securities Depository Clearstream reflects our efforts to facilitate the access of international investors to the Saudi capital market, while strengthening bridges between local issuers and international investors, especially in regards to debt instruments listed on the Saudi Exchange, this is in line with the objectives of the Financial Sector Development Program, part of Vision 2030.”Over the last years, the Saudi capital market has seen an increased appetite from foreign investors for Saudi listed sukuks and bonds, as the market issuances grew to over USD 106 billion in Q1/2021, with the increased global demand on government issuances.The Saudi Exchange is the largest in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) area, among the largest 10 stock exchanges globally and one of the top three largest emerging market exchanges with a market capitalization of more than USD 2.5 trillion.-Ends-About ClearstreamAs an international central securities depository (ICSD), headquartered in Luxembourg, Clearstream, which is part of Deutsche Börse Group, provides the post-trade infrastructure for the Eurobond market and services for securities from 58 domestic markets worldwide. With 16 trillion Euros in assets under custody, Clearstream is one of the world’s largest settlement and custody firms for domestic and international securities.www.clearstream.comAbout EdaaThe Securities Depository Center Company (“Edaa”) was established in 2016 and is fully owned by the Saudi Tadawul Group. “Edaa” operates and maintains the Depository and Settlement System (DSS) to record and maintain securities and register the ownership of securities on the Saudi Exchange. It aims to enhance the efficiency of securities deposit and registration services, in alignment with Saudi Vision 2030 objectives, through developing a more resourceful environment that fosters excellence within all sectors related to the capital market. For more information, visit: www.edaa.com.saMedia contacts:ClearstreamTabea BehrPhone: +49 (0)69 2 11-13 016tabea.behrclearstream.comSaudi Tadawul GroupAsma Alghamdi+966 (55) 225-4223Asma.GhamdiTadawul.com.saSend us your press releases to pressrelease.zawyarefinitiv.com© Press Release 2021",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.74,0.24,0.02,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Saudi Exchange', 'HSBC Saudi Arabia', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Edaa', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'Clearstream', 'Saudi Exchange', 'Saudi Capital Market Authority', 'CMA', 'Edaa', 'ICSD', 'Edaa', 'G20', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'International Central Securities Depository Clearstream', 'Saudi Exchange', 'Saudi Exchange', 'Gulf Cooperation Council', 'GCC', 'Clearstream', 'ICSD', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Edaa', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'Edaa', 'Saudi Exchange', 'Clearstream', 'Saudi Tadawul Group']","['Saudi capital market', 'international investors', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'connection', 'access', 'top three largest emerging market exchanges', 'foreign nominee omnibus account structure', 'The Securities Depository Center Company', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'International Central Securities Depository Clearstream', 'Financial Sector Development Program', 'leading post-trade services provider', 'Saudi Capital Market Authority', 'Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds', 'largest 10 stock exchanges', 'emerging capital markets', 'Qualified Foreign Investor', 'high-quality service offering', 'Gulf Cooperation Council', 'The Saudi Exchange', 'post-trading services provider', 'excellent market partners', 'international best practices', 'non-convertible corporate bonds', 'Saudi fixed-income securities', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'Saudi Sukuk/Bonds Market', 'consistent regulatory environment', 'global depositary centers', 'Saudi government bonds', 'great local reach', 'global financial system', 'HSBC Saudi Arabia', 'Saudi Vision 2030 objectives', 'international investors access', 'international securities', 'Saudi market', 'largest settlement', 'foreign investors', 'government issuances', 'post-trade infrastructure', 'Global Markets', 'market participants', 'market issuances', 'market capitalization', 'Eurobond market', 'Saudi Riyal', 'domestic market', 'resourceful environment', 'local custodian', 'advanced services', 'local issuers', 'registration services', 'Settlement System', 'cross-border investors', 'ICSD services', 'existing accounts', 'eligible customers', 'QFI) status', 'first time', 'usual suite', 'recent approval', 'G20 peers', 'Jan Willems', 'investment opportunities', 'Raed Alhumaid', 'strong links', 'debt instruments', 'last years', 'global demand', '16 trillion Euros', 'Media contacts', 'Asma Alghamdi', 'Asma.Ghamdi', 'press releases', 'internal) settlement', 'first ICSD', 'seamless access', 'ICSD) instructions', 'eligible clients', 'custody firms', 'indirect linkage', 'Tabea Behr', '14th', 'step', 'ETFs', 'SAR', 'LUXEMBOURG/RIYADH', 'network', 'Edaa', 'DSS', 'benefit', 'offshore', 'result', 'increase', 'liquidity', 'CMA', 'alignment', 'efforts', 'competitiveness', 'Head', 'token', 'commitment', 'integration', 'CEO', 'bridges', 'line', 'appetite', 'sukuks', 'Q1/20', 'GCC', 'area', 'Ends', 'assets', 'world', 'ownership', 'efficiency', 'excellence', 'sectors', 'information', 'Phone', 'pressrelease', 'zawya']",2021-06-08,zawya.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/industryarticle.php?article_id=11921&navigationaction=industrynews&newssection=industry,Clearstream and Edaa enhance access to the Saudi capital ...,"Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Boerse Group, is set to connect the Saudi capital market to its network through a linkage with the ...","Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Boerse Group, is set to connect the Saudi capital market to its network through a linkage with the ...",neutral,0.34,0.66,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Boerse Group']","['Saudi capital', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'access', 'post-trading services provider', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'Saudi capital market', 'Clearstream', 'network', 'linkage']",2021-06-09,assetservicingtimes.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.globalcustodian.com/clearstream-appoints-hsbc-to-open-csd-link-to-saudi-arabia/,Clearstream appoints HSBC to open CSD link to Saudi Arabia,The link will allow eligible international investors to hold Saudi fixed-income securities and ETFs via a foreign nominee omnibus account structure for the first time,The link will allow eligible international investors to hold Saudi fixed-income securities and ETFs via a foreign nominee omnibus account structure for the first time,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'HSBC']","['Clearstream appoints', 'CSD link', 'Saudi Arabia', 'HSBC', 'foreign nominee omnibus account structure', 'eligible international investors', 'fixed-income securities', 'first time', 'link', 'Saudi', 'ETFs']",2021-06-08,globalcustodian.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.zawya.com/mena/en/markets/story/Global_bond_investors_get_new_path_to_25trln_Saudi_market-SNG_215695625,Global bond investors get new path to $2.5trln Saudi market,"RIYADH: International bond and exchange traded fund investors will be able to access the $2.5 trillion Saudi market without having to apply for special status.Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Borse Group, will connect the Saudi capital market to its network after teaming up with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa), a unit of the Saudi Tadawul Group.Clearstream is the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the region’s biggest bond sales.It will give international investors access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and ETFs denominated in Saudi riyals.“The Saudi capital market has been increasingly attractive to international investors,” said Jan Willems, head of global markets at Clearstream.","RIYADH: International bond and exchange traded fund investors will be able to access the $2.5 trillion Saudi market without having to apply for special status.Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Borse Group, will connect the Saudi capital market to its network after teaming up with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa), a unit of the Saudi Tadawul Group.Clearstream is the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the region’s biggest bond sales.Eligible clients will be allowed to access and trade on the Saudi Exchange commencing June 14, it said in a statement on Monday.It will give international investors access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and ETFs denominated in Saudi riyals.Eligible customers will not have to apply for Qualified Foreign Investor (QFI) status which could boost demand for Saudi government bonds from cross-border investors and help improve domestic market liquidity.“The Saudi capital market has been increasingly attractive to international investors,” said Jan Willems, head of global markets at Clearstream. “We are excited to now offer our clients access together with excellent market partners with great local reach.”Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states are attracting increased interest from global bond investors with issuance in the Kingdom worth more than $100 billion in the first quarter.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'Deutsche Borse Group', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Edaa', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'Clearstream', 'Central Securities Depository', 'ICSD', 'Saudi Exchange', 'Saudi', 'Clearstream']","['Global bond investors', 'new path', 'Saudi market', '$2.5trln', 'first International Central Securities Depository', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'post-trading services provider', 'Deutsche Borse Group', 'Qualified Foreign Investor', 'domestic market liquidity', 'excellent market partners', 'great local reach', 'other Gulf states', '$2.5 trillion Saudi market', 'Saudi capital market', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'biggest bond sales', 'non-convertible corporate bonds', 'Saudi government bonds', 'international investors access', 'global bond investors', 'International bond', 'first quarter', 'Saudi Exchange', 'Saudi riyals', 'Saudi Arabia', 'fund investors', 'cross-border investors', 'global markets', 'special status', 'Eligible customers', 'QFI) status', 'Jan Willems', 'Eligible clients', 'RIYADH', 'Clearstream', 'network', 'Edaa', 'unit', 'ICSD', 'region', 'trade', 'statement', 'Monday', 'settlement', 'ETFs', 'demand', 'head', 'interest', 'issuance', 'Kingdom']",2021-06-08,zawya.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.arabnews.com/node/1869741/business-economy,Qatar's Commercial Bank to up stake in National Bank of ...,Clearstream is the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the ...,Clearstream is the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the ...,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Commercial Bank', 'National Bank of', 'Clearstream', 'International Central Securities Depository', 'ICSD']","['Commercial Bank', 'National Bank', 'Qatar', 'stake', 'first International Central Securities Depository', 'international investors access', 'Saudi capital market', 'Clearstream', 'ICSD']",2021-06-03,arabnews.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Deufol-SE-Information-about-the-annual-general-meeting--35561460/,Deufol SE: Information about the annual general meeting,"If the registration does not take place, there will be discrepancies in the share register.Therefore, re-registrations must be entered as soon as possible after a purchase transaction has been settled.In addition to registrations in the names of shareholders, it is also possible to register shares in the name of a depository bank acting as nominee.After confirmation of the re-registration by the share register, securities of the registered holdings are managed in CASCADE-RS in registered positions.Persons responsible there can be contacted via the following options:Email: rolf.kanertlinkmarketservices.deTelephone: +49 (0)6196 8870 538------------------------------------------1.","09.06.2021In connection with the annual general meeting (AGM) of Deufol SE (ISIN DE000A1R1EE6) the following schedule applies for processing in CASCADE-RS:ISIN/securities class description DE000A1R1EE6Deufol SE Date AGM 29 June 2021 Last re-registration day/technical record date 22 June 2021 Registration closing day 22 June 2021 Fourth allocation run 17 June 2021 to 22 June 2021 inclusive Transmission stop(for re-registrations and initial registrations) 23 June 2021 to 29 June 2021 inclusive ALU stop 23 June 2021 to 29 June 2021 inclusive Position transfers without relevance for the registered holdings Instructions until 22 June 2021 inclusive with indication of value date 24 June 2021;Instructions with all value dates possible from 23 June 2021In the interests of the shareholders of the company, compliance is required with the statutory obligation of banks to re-register/register the positions in the name of the shareholders pursuant to §67, 4 (1) Stock Corporation Act (AktG).If the registration does not take place, there will be discrepancies in the share register. Therefore, re-registrations must be entered as soon as possible after a purchase transaction has been settled. In addition to registrations in the names of shareholders, it is also possible to register shares in the name of a depository bank acting as nominee.For the participation of shareholders in the AGM and the associated exercise of voting rights, the shareholding shown in the share register of the company on the last re-registration date/technical record date is decisive.Re-registrations for shareholders who wish to participate or be represented at the AGM, must be entered in CASCADE-RS on the last re-registration date/technical record date (status 'K' - checked) as follows:Transfer times for instructions that are planned for processing in the third allocation run: Until 16:30 Data upload via the Investors Portal Until 16:45 SWIFT, File Transfer Until 17:00 Online via CASCADE-RS in status 'K'Transfer times for instructions that are planned for processing in the fourth allocation run: Until 18:20 Data upload via the Investors Portal Until 18:30 SWIFT, File Transfer Until 18:45 Online via CASCADE-RS in status 'K'Considering the processing timeframe at the register companies on the last re-registration date/technical record date, it is recommended to keep the number of instructions that are transferred in the fourth allocation as low as possible.The fourth allocation run for Deufol SE shares is conducted on business days at approximately 21:00 in addition to the regular CASCADE-RS allocation times (10:15, 13:15 and 17:00) and solely for the above-mentioned period of time. The usual allocation times apply thereafter.The information and instructions in Announcement RS18133 apply.Clearstream Banking1 will not block holdings at any time. After confirmation of the re-registration by the share register, securities of the registered holdings are managed in CASCADE-RS in registered positions. The entering and processing of instructions for position transfers both from the allocated positions following successful allocation processing as well as from registered positions into the deliverable unregistered positions in order to fulfill delivery obligations is possible, without restrictions and at any time during the planned processing cycles if there are sufficient holdings. Schedules to be observed when instructing position transfers before the AGM are described in the above table.The share register is managed by Link Market Services (Frankfurt) GmbH. Persons responsible there can be contacted via the following options:Email: rolf.kanertlinkmarketservices.deTelephone: +49 (0)6196 8870 538------------------------------------------1. This Announcement is published by Clearstream Banking AG (CBF), registered office at Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany, registered with the Commercial Register of the District Court in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, under number HRB 7500.",neutral,0.1,0.64,0.26,positive,0.59,0.39,0.02,True,English,"['Deufol SE', 'Deufol SE', 'Deufol SE', 'CASCADE-RS', 'CASCADE', 'Deufol SE', 'CASCADE-RS', 'Clearstream Banking1', 'CASCADE-RS', 'Link Market Services (Frankfurt) GmbH', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'CBF', 'Court']","['annual general meeting', 'Deufol SE', 'Information', 'last re-registration date/technical record date', 'ISIN/securities class description DE000A1R1EE6', 'regular CASCADE-RS allocation times', 'annual general meeting', 'Link Market Services', 'third allocation run', 'Deufol SE Date', 'usual allocation times', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'fourth allocation run', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'deliverable unregistered positions', 'Deufol SE shares', 'successful allocation processing', 'value date', 'Transfer times', 'Clearstream Banking1', 'ISIN DE000A1R1EE', 'following schedule', 'Transmission stop', 'Position transfers', 'statutory obligation', 'share register', 'purchase transaction', 'depository bank', 'voting rights', '16:30 Data upload', 'Investors Portal', 'File Transfer', 'register companies', 'business days', 'mentioned period', 'delivery obligations', 'following options', 'Commercial Register', 'District Court', 'registration day', 'registered holdings', 'sufficient holdings', 'processing timeframe', 'processing cycles', 'initial registrations', 'Announcement RS18133', 'holdings Instructions', 'connection', 'AGM', 'June', 're-registrations', 'relevance', 'indication', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'company', 'compliance', 'banks', 'name', 'AktG', 'place', 'discrepancies', 'addition', 'nominee', 'participation', 'associated', 'exercise', 'shareholding', 'status', 'SWIFT', 'number', 'information', 'confirmation', 'entering', 'order', 'restrictions', 'Schedules', 'table', 'GmbH', 'Persons', 'Email', 'rolf', 'kanert', 'linkmarketservices', 'Telephone', 'CBF', 'office', 'Mergenthalerallee', 'Eschborn', 'Germany', 'HRB', '§67', '20']",2021-06-09,marketscreener.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.arabnews.com/node/1871871/business-economy,Abu Dhabi Investment Authority hires veteran software ...,Clearstream is the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the ...,Clearstream is the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the ...,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Abu Dhabi Investment Authority', 'Clearstream', 'International Central Securities Depository', 'ICSD']","['Abu Dhabi Investment Authority', 'veteran software', 'first International Central Securities Depository', 'international investors access', 'Saudi capital market', 'Clearstream', 'ICSD']",2021-06-07,arabnews.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.arabnews.com/node/1869696/business-economy,"Saudi Arabia ranks first globally in govt, entrepreneurs ...",Clearstream is the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the ...,Clearstream is the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the ...,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'International Central Securities Depository', 'ICSD']","['Saudi Arabia', 'govt', 'entrepreneurs', 'first International Central Securities Depository', 'international investors access', 'Saudi capital market', 'Clearstream', 'ICSD']",2021-06-03,arabnews.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.arabnews.com/node/1871456/business-economy,KSA takes lead in $250bn climate change drive,Clearstream is the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the ...,Clearstream is the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the ...,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['KSA', 'Clearstream', 'International Central Securities Depository', 'ICSD']","['$250bn climate change drive', 'KSA', 'lead', 'first International Central Securities Depository', 'international investors access', 'Saudi capital market', 'Clearstream', 'ICSD']",2021-06-06,arabnews.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,PyNews API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-province-of-chaco-announces-commencement-of-consent-solicitation-301306361.html,The Province of Chaco Announces Commencement of Consent Solicitation,"The Consent Solicitation is being made on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the consent solicitation statement dated June 4, 2021 (the ""Consent Solicitation Statement"").For further information regarding the Consent Solicitation and the Proposed Amendments, Eligible Holders should read the Consent Solicitation Statement.The Province has engaged Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and AdCap Securities Ltd. to act as solicitation agents for the Consent Solicitation (the ""Solicitation Agents"") and Morrow Sodali Ltd. is acting as the information and tabulation agent for the Consent Solicitation (the ""Information and Tabulation Agent"").The Consent Solicitation is only being made pursuant to the Consent Solicitation Statement.Before making any decision with respect to delivering their consents, Eligible Holders should read the Consent Solicitation Statement.","CHACO, Argentina, June 4, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- The Province of Chaco (the ""Province"") announced today that it has commenced a solicitation of consents (the ""Consent Solicitation"") from Eligible Holders (as defined below) to amend its 9.375% Notes due 2024 (the ""Notes"") and the indenture governing the Notes (the ""Indenture""). The Consent Solicitation is being made on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the consent solicitation statement dated June 4, 2021 (the ""Consent Solicitation Statement"").On April 12, 2021, the Province reached an agreement in principle with an ad hoc group of bondholders represented by VR Advisory Services Ltd. (the ""Ad Hoc Bondholder Group""), which according to the group, it holds approximately 50% of the Notes outstanding, pursuant to which the Ad Hoc Bondholder Group is expected to support the Province's proposal to amend the Notes and the Indenture as set forth in the Consent Solicitation Statement by submitting their consents to the Proposed Amendments (as defined below).If the Consent Solicitation is successfully consummated, the terms of the amended Notes are expected to provide the Province with significant debt service relief in the form of coupon reductions and maturity reprofiling.The following table sets forth certain information relating to the Notes:Series of Notes ISIN CUSIP Principal AmountOutstanding MinimumDenomination 9.375% Notes due 2024 Rule 144A: US157223AA64 Rule 144A:157223 AA6 U.S.$250,000,000 U.S.$150,000and multiples ofU.S.$1,000 inexcess thereofRegulation S: USP2389CAA10 Regulation S:P2389C AA1Terms of the Consent SolicitationIf consents from Eligible Holders (as defined below) of more than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes (the ""Requisite Consents"") are obtained, the Supplemental Indenture (as defined below) is executed, and the other conditions to the effectiveness of the Proposed Amendments set forth in the Consent Solicitation Statement are satisfied or waived, where applicable, the Proposed Amendments will be binding on all holders of Notes whether or not they delivered a consent. In this event, the economic terms of such holder's modified Notes will differ significantly from the economic terms of its Notes prior to the effectiveness of the Proposed Amendments.If the Requisite Consents are obtained by the Expiration Time (as defined below), we expect that a supplemental indenture to the Indenture (the ""Supplemental Indenture"") will be executed, and that the Proposed Amendments will become effective and operative as soon as practicable after the Expiration Time (such date, the ""Settlement Date""). Pursuant to the Consent Solicitation Statement, by submitting their consents, Eligible Holders will authorize and direct the trustee for the Notes (the ""Trustee"") to execute the Supplemental Indenture and to take all necessary actions to give effect to the Proposed Amendments.The Consent Solicitation will expire at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on June 23, 2021, unless extended or earlier terminated by the Province in its sole discretion (the ""Expiration Time""). Consents may not be revoked at any time except in the limited circumstances described in the Consent Solicitation Statement.The Province reserves the right in its sole discretion to extend or amend the Consent Solicitation, and to reject any and all consents with respect to any Notes.Consent ConsiderationEligible Holders who validly deliver a consent on or prior to the Expiration Time will be eligible to receive as consent consideration a pro rata share of the aggregate amount of accrued and unpaid interest on all Outstanding Notes from February 18, 2020 to, but excluding, the Settlement Date (the ""Consent Consideration""), of which (i) 60% will be paid in cash (""Cash Consent Consideration"") subject to the deduction of the Transaction Expenses (as defined below) with Eligible Holders that deliver their consents being deemed to consent to such deduction, and (ii) 40% will be paid by the issuance and delivery of additional Notes (as amended by the Supplemental Indenture), which may be subject to rounding as set forth in ""The Consent Solicitation—Consent Consideration"", through the addition of such additional Notes to the principal amount of Notes in respect of which consents have been validly delivered and accepted (the ""Aggregated PIK"").The Consent Consideration will be allocated pro rata among consenting Eligible Holders only based on the total principal amount of Notes as to which consents have been validly delivered and accepted. The Consent Consideration will be payable on the Settlement Date to each Eligible Holder whose validly delivered consent is accepted pursuant to this Consent Solicitation Statement and only if the Supplemental Indenture is executed. No Consent Consideration will be paid if (i) the Consent Solicitation is terminated, withdrawn or otherwise not consummated, (ii) the Requisite Consents are not obtained, or (iii) the Proposed Amendments do not otherwise become effective with respect to the Notes.By delivering their consents on or prior to the Expiration Time, Eligible Holders will be deemed to have instructed the Province to apply on the Settlement Date an amount of U.S.$200,000 from the Cash Consent Consideration to cover certain customary fees and costs of the Ad Hoc Bondholder Group and its members relating to or in connection with the Consent Solicitation (the ""Transaction Expenses""). For the avoidance of doubt, the Transaction Expenses will be deducted on a pro rata basis from the Cash Consent Consideration to be received by each Eligible Holder whose consent is delivered at or prior to the Expiration Time and accepted by the Province pursuant to this Consent Solicitation Statement.Summary of the Proposed AmendmentsIf the Requisite Consents are obtained, the Supplemental Indenture is executed, and the other conditions set forth in the Consent Solicitation Statement are satisfied or waived, where applicable, the terms of the Indenture and the Notes will be amended to give effect to the modifications summarized below (the ""Proposed Amendments""):(i) extend the maturity date of the Notes until February 18, 2028;(ii) irrevocably waive the right to receive any accrued and unpaid interest and any default interest thereon through and excluding the Settlement Date, and thereafter the Province shall agree to pay interest semi-annually in arrears on February 18 and August 18 of each year, commencing on August 18, 2021, with interest accruing from the Settlement Date;(iii) amend the interest rates payable on the Notes as follows:a. for the period from and including the Settlement Date to but excluding February 18, 2022, the interest rate on the Notes will be 3.50% per annum;b. for the period from and including February 18, 2022 to but excluding February 18, 2023, the interest rate on the Notes will be 4.75% per annum;c. for the period from and including February 18, 2023 to but excluding February 18, 2024, the interest rate on the Notes will be 6.50% per annum; andd. for the period from and including February 18, 2024 to but excluding February 18, 2028, the interest rate on the Notes will be 8.25% per annum;(iv) amend the amortization schedule of the Notes to nine equal semi-annual installments as follows, expressed as a percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes on the Settlement Date, including the Aggregated PIK payable as Consent Consideration:Payment Date Principal Amount Payable February 18, 2024 11.12% August 18, 2024 11.11% February 18, 2025 11.11% August 18, 2025 11.11% February 18, 2026 11.11% August 18, 2026 11.11% February 18, 2027 11.11% August 18, 2027 11.11% February 18, 2028 11.11%(v) amend the minimum denominations of the Notes from U.S.$150,000 and multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof, to U.S.$150,000 and multiples of U.S.$1.00 in excess thereof;(vi) amend the Indenture and the Notes to provide that, with respect to the right of any Holder to pursue a remedy under the Indenture or the Notes, the Province acknowledges the right of any beneficial holder of the Notes to pursue such remedy with respect to the portion of the relevant global security that represents such beneficial holder's securities as if certificated securities had been issued to such beneficial holder;(vii) amend the definition of ""Reserve Matter Modification"" in the Indenture to include the following modifications within the scope of the same:a. increasing the percentage of the aggregate principal amount then outstanding required to be held by holders to declare the debt securities of such series due and payable immediately, or reducing the percentage of the aggregate principal amount then outstanding required to be held by holders to waive any existing defaults or rescind or annul any notice of acceleration and its consequences;b. amending the provisions of the Indenture or any series of Debt Securities that govern the re-designation of series of debt securities in the context of a reserve matter modification; andc. amending the provisions of the Indenture or any series of Debt Securities that govern the restrictions on the Province's ability to conduct a reserve matter modification with single aggregated voting following a reserve matter modification with two-tier voting or a restructuring exchange offer;(viii) irrevocably waive any requirements to publish notices to the Holders in leading newspapers pursuant to Paragraph 12 of the Notes in connection with the Consent Solicitation and the execution of the Supplemental Indenture, and amend the Notes to permanently eliminate such requirements with respect to the Notes;(ix) amend the Indenture to include provisions governing the re-designation of series subject to a reserved matter modification;(x) amend the Indenture to include provisions that govern the restrictions on the Province's ability to conduct a reserve matter modification with single aggregated voting following a reserve matter modification with two-tier voting or a restructuring exchange offer; and(xi) replace all references to ""9.375% Notes due 2024"" with ""Step-Up Notes due 2028"".In addition to the Proposed Amendments, by delivering a consent, each Eligible Holder agrees with the Province to: (i) consent to the rescission and annulment of any acceleration of the Notes that may have occurred on or prior to the Settlement Date and otherwise waive the requirement that all payment defaults under the Notes shall have been cured, waived or otherwise remedied as a condition to any rescission or annulment of acceleration, (ii) instruct the Information and Tabulation Agent, on behalf of such Eligible Holder, to provide written certification to us and the Trustee of the aggregate principal amount of Notes for which consents have been received containing the consent of the Eligible Holders to the rescission and annulment of such acceleration, (iii) waive any default or Event of Default that may have occurred under the Indenture and the Notes on or prior to the Settlement Date, including without limitation, any default or Event of Default in connection with the Province's failure to pay interest under the Indenture and the Notes, and (iv) waive and release the Province from any and all claims such Eligible Holder may have now or in the future arising out of any such acceleration, defaults or Events of Default, as applicable, arising or occurring on or prior to the Settlement Date and acknowledge and agree that any such acceleration, defaults or Events of Default shall be deemed rescinded, annulled and cured, as applicable, upon the effectiveness of the Proposed Amendments and consummation of the Consent Solicitation.For further information regarding the Consent Solicitation and the Proposed Amendments, Eligible Holders should read the Consent Solicitation Statement.The Province will make (or cause to be made) all announcements regarding the Consent Solicitation by press release in accordance with applicable law. Copies of all such announcements will be available to Eligible Holders on  (the ""Consent Website"").The Province has engaged Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and AdCap Securities Ltd. to act as solicitation agents for the Consent Solicitation (the ""Solicitation Agents"") and Morrow Sodali Ltd. is acting as the information and tabulation agent for the Consent Solicitation (the ""Information and Tabulation Agent""). Any questions or requests for assistance regarding the Consent Solicitation may be directed to the Solicitation Agents, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., at +1 (855) 287-1922 (toll-free) or +1 (212) 250-7527 (collect), and AdCap Securities Ltd., at +1 (646) 280 8732. Eligible Holders, or custodians for such holders, with questions or requests for assistance regarding the procedures related to the Consent Solicitation may contact the Information and Tabulation Agent at +1 (203) 609 4910 or [email protected].We have not registered and will not register the Consent Solicitation or the Notes under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ""Securities Act""), or any state securities law. Consents are being solicited only from holders of the Notes that are: (1) ""qualified institutional buyers"" as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (""QIBs"") or (2) outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (""Regulation S"") and who are ""non-U.S. persons,"" and otherwise eligible to receive the Consent Solicitation Statement under the laws of their jurisdiction (each, an ""Eligible Holder""). Only holders of Notes who have certified that they are within one of the categories described in the immediately preceding sentence via the Consent Website are authorized to receive and review the Consent Solicitation Statement and to participate in the Consent Solicitation.This announcement is for informational purposes only and is not an invitation or a solicitation of consents from any holders of Notes. The Consent Solicitation is only being made pursuant to the Consent Solicitation Statement. Before making any decision with respect to delivering their consents, Eligible Holders should read the Consent Solicitation Statement. Eligible Holders, or custodians for such holders, may obtain a copy of the Consent Solicitation Statement by contacting the Information and Tabulation Agent or by downloading it, following registration, via the Consent Website.Eligible Holders are advised to check with any bank, securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Notes as to when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from such Eligible Holder in order for that Eligible Holder to be able to deliver their consent before the deadlines specified herein and in the Consent Solicitation Statement. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and The Depository Trust Company, Euroclear and Clearstream Banking for the delivery of consents will also be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified herein and in the Consent Solicitation Statement.NONE OF THE SOLICITATION AGENTS, THE TRUSTEE, THE INFORMATION AND TABULATION AGENT NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES MAKES ANY RECOMMENDATION AS TO WHETHER ELIGIBLE HOLDERS SHOULD DELIVER THEIR CONSENTS PURSUANT TO THE CONSENT SOLICITATION, AND NO ONE HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED BY ANY OF THEM TO MAKE SUCH A RECOMMENDATION. EACH ELIGIBLE HOLDER MUST MAKE ITS OWN DECISION AS TO WHETHER TO CONSENT TO THE PROPOSED AMENDMENTS.The distribution of materials relating to the Consent Solicitation may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Consent Solicitation is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the Consent Solicitation come into your possession, you are required by the Province to inform yourself of and to observe all of these restrictions, including whether you are a Holder pursuant to the laws of your jurisdiction. The materials relating to the Consent Solicitation, including this communication, do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.If a jurisdiction requires that the Consent Solicitation be made by a licensed broker or agent and the Solicitation Agent or any affiliate of the Solicitation Agent is a licensed broker or agent in that jurisdiction, the Consent Solicitation shall be deemed to be made by the Solicitation Agent or such affiliate on behalf of the Province in that jurisdiction. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains certain ""forward-looking"" statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such forward-looking statements are based on current plans, estimates and projection, and therefore you should not put undue reliance on them. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and are based on numerous assumptions and that the Province's actual results of operations, including our financial condition and liquidity, expenses, performance or the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, may differ materially from those made in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements. The Province undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Notice to Holders In the United StatesThe Province is making this announcement in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. These exemptions apply to offers and sales of securities that do not involve a public offering. The amended Notes have not been recommended by any U.S. or non-U.S. securities authorities, and these authorities have not determined that this announcement is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.Media contacts: Morrow Sodali - [email protected] – phone +1 203 609 4910SOURCE The Province of Chaco",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.18,0.16,0.66,True,English,"['PRNewswire', 'VR Advisory Services Ltd.', 'Ad Hoc Bondholder Group', 'Ad Hoc Bondholder Group']","['The Province', 'Consent Solicitation', 'Chaco', 'Commencement', 'VR Advisory Services Ltd', 'significant debt service relief', 'Ad Hoc Bondholder Group', 'New York City time', 'ISIN CUSIP Principal Amount', 'ad hoc group', 'total principal amount', 'aggregate principal amount', '157223 AA6 U.S', 'pro rata share', 'consent solicitation statement', 'No Consent Consideration', 'The Consent Solicitation', 'The Consent Consideration', 'Cash Consent Consideration', 'aggregate amount', 'Expiration Time', 'The Province', 'Proposed Amendments', 'coupon reductions', 'maturity reprofiling', 'following table', 'Outstanding Minimum', 'Rule 144A', 'US157223AA64 Rule', 'P2389C AA1', 'necessary actions', 'sole discretion', 'limited circumstances', 'unpaid interest', 'Transaction Expenses', 'Aggregated PIK', 'Eligible Holders', 'Settlement Date', 'Supplemental Indenture', 'USP2389CAA10 Regulation', 'other conditions', 'economic terms', 'Requisite Consents', 'outstanding Notes', 'additional Notes', '9.375% Notes', 'CHACO', 'Argentina', 'PRNewswire', 'June', 'April', 'agreement', 'principle', 'bondholders', 'proposal', 'form', 'Series', 'Denomination', 'multiples', 'excess', 'effectiveness', 'event', 'modified', 'trustee', 'right', 'respect', 'February', 'deduction', 'deliver', 'issuance', 'rounding', 'consenting', '5:00']",2021-06-05,prnewswire.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/industryarticle.php?article_id=11921&navigationaction=industrynews&newssection=industry,Clearstream and Edaa enhance access to the Saudi capital market,"Clearstream and Edaa enhance access to the Saudi capital marketClearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Boerse Group, is set to connect the Saudi capital market to its network through a linkage with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa).The move will make Clearstream the first international central securities depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market.According to Clearstream, this step will give international investors seamless access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and exchange-traded funds (ETFs) denominated in Saudi Riyal (SAR).As a result, an increase in demand for Saudi government bonds from cross-border investors is expected, thereby improving liquidity in the domestic market, explains Clearstream.Jan Willems, head of global markets at Clearstream, comments: “The Saudi capital market has been increasingly attractive to international investors.","Clearstream and Edaa enhance access to the Saudi capital marketClearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Boerse Group, is set to connect the Saudi capital market to its network through a linkage with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa).Edda is a company fully owned by Saudi Tadawul Group and responsible for operating and maintaining the depository and settlement system (DSS).The move will make Clearstream the first international central securities depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market. Its eligible clients will be allowed to access and trade on the Saudi Exchange commencing 14 June 2021.This will be conducted through the indirect linkage that will be established via HSBC Saudi Arabia who will act as the local custodian for Clearstream.According to Clearstream, this step will give international investors seamless access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and exchange-traded funds (ETFs) denominated in Saudi Riyal (SAR).Meanwhile, eligible customers will not have to apply for Qualified Foreign Investor (QFI) status to invest in the Saudi Sukuk/bonds market and ETFs listed on the Saudi Exchange.International investors will also be eligible to hold Saudi fixed-income securities and ETFs via a foreign nominee omnibus account structure, benefitting also from the usual suite of ICSD services, including offshore (internal) settlement.As a result, an increase in demand for Saudi government bonds from cross-border investors is expected, thereby improving liquidity in the domestic market, explains Clearstream.Jan Willems, head of global markets at Clearstream, comments: “The Saudi capital market has been increasingly attractive to international investors. We are excited to now offer our clients access together with excellent market partners with great local reach.”Willems explains: “Adding the Saudi market to our network is a further token of Clearstream’s commitment to support emerging capital markets in their integration into the global financial system, creating further investment opportunities backed by our trusted, high-quality service offering.”Raed Alhumaid, CEO of Edaa, adds: “The linkage with the International Central Securities Depository Clearstream reflects our efforts to facilitate the access of international investors to the Saudi capital market, while strengthening bridges between local issuers and foreign investors, especially in regards to debt instruments listed on the Saudi Exchange, this is in line with the objectives of the Financial Sector Development Program, part of Vision 2030.”Over the last years, the Saudi capital market has seen an increased appetite from foreign investors for Saudi listed Sukuks and bonds, as the market issuances grew to over USD 106 billion in Q1/2021, with the increased global demand on government issuances.In March this year HSBC acted as custodian and agent lender for the first-ever securities lending transaction in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.Click here to discover more about Saudi Arabia’s market.",neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Edaa', 'Edda', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'Clearstream', 'ICSD', 'Saudi Exchange', 'HSBC Saudi Arabia', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream', 'Saudi Exchange', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'International Central Securities Depository Clearstream', 'Saudi Exchange', 'HSBC']","['Saudi capital market', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'access', 'foreign nominee omnibus account structure', 'first international central securities depository', 'International Central Securities Depository Clearstream', 'first-ever securities lending transaction', 'Financial Sector Development Program', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds', 'Saudi fixed-income securities', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'Qualified Foreign Investor', 'high-quality service offering', 'non-convertible corporate bonds', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'excellent market partners', 'post-trading services provider', 'emerging capital markets', 'Saudi government bonds', 'great local reach', 'global financial system', 'Saudi capital market', 'Saudi Sukuk/bonds market', 'HSBC Saudi Arabia', 'international investors access', 'Saudi market', 'foreign investors', 'government issuances', 'global markets', 'Saudi Riyal', 'domestic market', 'market issuances', 'local issuers', 'settlement system', 'cross-border investors', 'exchange-traded funds', 'eligible customers', 'QFI) status', 'usual suite', 'ICSD services', 'investment opportunities', 'Raed Alhumaid', 'debt instruments', 'last years', 'agent lender', 'local custodian', 'global demand', 'internal) settlement', 'seamless access', 'eligible clients', 'Jan Willems', 'indirect linkage', 'Edaa', 'network', 'Edda', 'operating', 'DSS', 'move', 'June', 'step', 'ETFs', 'SAR', 'offshore', 'result', 'increase', 'liquidity', 'head', 'token', 'commitment', 'integration', 'trusted', 'CEO', 'efforts', 'bridges', 'line', 'objectives', 'Vision 2030', 'appetite', 'Sukuks', 'Q1/20', 'March', 'Kingdom']",2021-06-08,assetservicingtimes.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1102229473/International-bond-exchange-traded-fund-investors-to-access-USD25T-Saudi-market,"International bond, exchange traded fund investors to access USD2.5T Saudi market","( MENAFN )International bond and exchange traded fund investors are going to access the USD2.5 trillion Saudi markets with no need to apply for special status.Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Börse Group, is going to connect the Saudi capital market to its network after collaborating with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa), a unit of the Saudi Tadawul Group.Clearstream is considered the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to create international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the region’s biggest bond sales.It further stated that qualified clients will be given the admission and trade on the Saudi Exchange commencing June 14.","( MENAFN )International bond and exchange traded fund investors are going to access the USD2.5 trillion Saudi markets with no need to apply for special status.Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Börse Group, is going to connect the Saudi capital market to its network after collaborating with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa), a unit of the Saudi Tadawul Group.Clearstream is considered the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to create international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the region’s biggest bond sales.It further stated that qualified clients will be given the admission and trade on the Saudi Exchange commencing June 14.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['MENAFN', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Edaa', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'Clearstream', 'International Central Securities Depository', 'ICSD', 'Saudi Exchange']","['USD2.5T Saudi market', 'International bond', 'fund investors', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'USD2.5 trillion Saudi markets', 'International Central Securities Depository', 'exchange traded fund investors', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'international investors access', 'post-trading services provider', 'Saudi capital market', 'biggest bond sales', 'Saudi Exchange', 'International bond', 'special status', 'qualified clients', 'MENAFN', 'need', 'Clearstream', 'network', 'Edaa', 'unit', 'ICSD', 'region', 'admission']",2021-06-08,menafn.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Bing API,http://www.tradearabia.com/news/BANK_383243.html,"Clearstream, Edaa to boost access to Saudi capital market","Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Börse Group, will connect the Saudi capital market to its network through a linkage with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa), a company fully owned by Saudi Tadawul Group.Clearstream is the first ICSD to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market.This step will give international investors seamless access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and ETFs denominated in Saudi Riyal (SR).It also represents Edaa’s efforts to support the development of the Saudi capital market and sustain Saudi Arabia’s competitiveness ranking among its G20 peers.Jan Willems, Head of Global Markets at Clearstream, commented: “The Saudi capital market has been increasingly attractive to international investors.","Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Börse Group, will connect the Saudi capital market to its network through a linkage with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa), a company fully owned by Saudi Tadawul Group.Edaa also operates and maintains the Depository and Settlement System (DSS).Clearstream is the first ICSD to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market. Its eligible clients will be allowed to access and trade on the Saudi Exchange commencing June 14, 2021 through the indirect linkage that will be established via HSBC Saudi Arabia who will act as the local custodian for Clearstream. This step will give international investors seamless access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and ETFs denominated in Saudi Riyal (SR).Besides being able to use their existing accounts at Clearstream, eligible customers will enjoy the benefit of not having to apply for Qualified Foreign Investor (QFI) status to invest in the Saudi Sukuk/Bonds Market and ETFs listed on the Saudi Exchange.For the first time, international investors will be eligible to hold Saudi fixed-income securities and ETFs via a foreign nominee omnibus account structure, benefitting also from the usual suite of ICSD services, including offshore (internal) settlement. As a result, an increase in demand for Saudi government bonds from cross-border investors is expected, thereby improving liquidity in the domestic market.The linkage comes following the Saudi Capital Market Authority’s (CMA) recent approval of Edaa’s international central securities depository (ICSD) instructions, aiming to develop a consistent regulatory environment in alignment with international best practices. It also represents Edaa’s efforts to support the development of the Saudi capital market and sustain Saudi Arabia’s competitiveness ranking among its G20 peers.Jan Willems, Head of Global Markets at Clearstream, commented: “The Saudi capital market has been increasingly attractive to international investors. We are excited to now offer our clients access together with excellent market partners with great local reach. Adding the Saudi market to our network is a further token of Clearstream’s commitment to support emerging capital markets in their integration into the global financial system, creating further investment opportunities backed by our trusted, high-quality service offering.”Raed Alhumaid, CEO of Edaa, said: “We are keen to partner with a leading post-trade services provider as we seek to create strong links with global depositary centers to introduce advanced services for market participants. The linkage with the International Central Securities Depository Clearstream reflects our efforts to facilitate the access of international investors to the Saudi capital market, while strengthening bridges between local issuers and international investors, especially in regards to debt instruments listed on the Saudi Exchange, this is in line with the objectives of the Financial Sector Development Program, part of Vision 2030.”Over the last years, the Saudi capital market has seen an increased appetite from foreign investors for Saudi listed sukuks and bonds, as the market issuances grew to over $106 billion in Q1/2021, with the increased global demand on government issuances.The Saudi Exchange is the largest in the GCC area, among the largest 10 stock exchanges globally and one of the top three largest emerging market exchanges with a market capitalization of more than $2.5 trillion. – TradeArabia News Service",positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,positive,0.74,0.24,0.02,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Edaa', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'Edaa', 'Depository and Settlement', 'Clearstream', 'Saudi Exchange', 'HSBC Saudi Arabia', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream', 'Saudi Exchange', 'Saudi Capital Market Authority', 'CMA', 'Edaa', 'ICSD', 'Edaa', 'G20', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'International Central Securities Depository Clearstream', 'Saudi Exchange', 'Saudi Exchange', 'TradeArabia News Service']","['Saudi capital market', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'access', 'top three largest emerging market exchanges', 'foreign nominee omnibus account structure', 'International Central Securities Depository Clearstream', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'leading post-trade services provider', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Financial Sector Development Program', 'Saudi Capital Market Authority', 'Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds', 'largest 10 stock exchanges', 'emerging capital markets', 'Saudi fixed-income securities', 'Qualified Foreign Investor', 'post-trading services provider', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'consistent regulatory environment', 'high-quality service offering', 'TradeArabia News Service', 'excellent market partners', 'international best practices', 'non-convertible corporate bonds', 'Saudi Sukuk/Bonds Market', 'global financial system', 'global depositary centers', 'Saudi government bonds', 'great local reach', 'HSBC Saudi Arabia', 'The Saudi Exchange', 'international investors access', 'Saudi market', 'foreign investors', 'Global Markets', 'government issuances', 'domestic market', 'market participants', 'market issuances', 'market capitalization', 'ICSD services', 'advanced services', 'Saudi Riyal', 'local custodian', 'local issuers', 'Settlement System', 'cross-border investors', 'first ICSD', 'existing accounts', 'eligible customers', 'QFI) status', 'first time', 'usual suite', 'recent approval', 'ICSD) instructions', 'G20 peers', 'Jan Willems', 'investment opportunities', 'Raed Alhumaid', 'strong links', 'debt instruments', 'last years', 'global demand', 'GCC area', 'seamless access', 'internal) settlement', 'eligible clients', 'indirect linkage', 'network', 'Edaa', 'DSS', 'step', 'ETFs', 'SR', 'benefit', 'offshore', 'result', 'increase', 'liquidity', 'CMA', 'alignment', 'efforts', 'competitiveness', 'Head', 'token', 'commitment', 'integration', 'CEO', 'bridges', 'line', 'objectives', 'Vision', 'appetite', 'sukuks', 'Q1/20']",2021-06-08,tradearabia.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Bing API,https://www.argaam.com/en/article/articledetail/id/1472951,"Edaa, Clearstream announce linkage to hike global investor access to Saudi sukuk, bond market from June 14","Logos of the Securities Depository Center (Edaa) and CleastreamThe Securities Depository Center Co. (Edaa) said that Clearstream, a post-trading service provider for Deutsche Börse Group, will begin to connect the Saudi capital market to its network, where it is responsible for the operation and maintenance of the deposit and settlement system.Clearstream is the first international central securities depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market.This step will give international investors seamless access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of Saudi-listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and ETFs denominated in Saudi Riyal (SAR), in addition to being able to use their existing accounts at Clearstream.International investors will be eligible to hold Saudi fixed-income securities and ETFs via a foreign nominee omnibus account structure, benefitting also from the usual suite of ICSD services, including offshore (internal) settlement.The depository center also expected an increase in demand for Saudi government bonds from cross-border investors, thereby improving liquidity in the domestic market.","Logos of the Securities Depository Center (Edaa) and CleastreamThe Securities Depository Center Co. (Edaa) said that Clearstream, a post-trading service provider for Deutsche Börse Group, will begin to connect the Saudi capital market to its network, where it is responsible for the operation and maintenance of the deposit and settlement system.Clearstream is the first international central securities depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market. Its eligible clients will be allowed to access and trade on Tadawul commencing June 14, 2021, through the indirect linkage that will be established via HSBC Saudi Arabia who will act as the local custodian for Clearstream.This step will give international investors seamless access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of Saudi-listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and ETFs denominated in Saudi Riyal (SAR), in addition to being able to use their existing accounts at Clearstream.International investors will be eligible to hold Saudi fixed-income securities and ETFs via a foreign nominee omnibus account structure, benefitting also from the usual suite of ICSD services, including offshore (internal) settlement.The depository center also expected an increase in demand for Saudi government bonds from cross-border investors, thereby improving liquidity in the domestic market.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Securities Depository Center', 'Edaa', 'Cleastream', 'Securities Depository Center Co.', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Clearstream', 'Tadawul', 'HSBC Saudi Arabia', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream', 'Saudi']","['global investor access', 'Saudi sukuk', 'bond market', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'linkage', 'June', 'foreign nominee omnibus account structure', 'The Securities Depository Center Co.', 'first international central securities depository', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Saudi fixed-income securities', 'post-trading service provider', 'Saudi-listed government bonds', 'non-convertible corporate bonds', 'HSBC Saudi Arabia', 'Saudi government bonds', 'Saudi capital market', 'international investors access', 'Saudi Riyal', 'domestic market', 'seamless access', 'cross-border investors', 'eligible clients', 'indirect linkage', 'local custodian', 'existing accounts', 'usual suite', 'settlement system', 'internal) settlement', 'ICSD services', 'Logos', 'Edaa', 'Cleastream', 'Clearstream', 'network', 'operation', 'maintenance', 'Tadawul', 'step', 'ETFs', 'SAR', 'addition', 'offshore', 'increase', 'demand', 'liquidity']",2021-06-07,argaam.com,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"Clearstream, Edaa to boost access to Saudi capital market",,"Clearstream, Edaa to boost access to Saudi capital market",positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa']","['Saudi capital market', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'access', 'Saudi capital market', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'access']",2021-06-09,Unknown,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"Deutsche Bourse's Clearstream is connecting the Saudi capital market to its network, allowing international bond an…",,"Deutsche Bourse's Clearstream is connecting the Saudi capital market to its network, allowing international bond an…",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Bourse', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Bourse', 'Clearstream']","['Saudi capital market', 'Deutsche Bourse', 'international bond', 'Clearstream', 'network', 'Saudi capital market', 'Deutsche Bourse', 'international bond', 'Clearstream', 'network']",2021-06-09,Unknown,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"EtraAlex Nice blog, subscribed.🙂Have you looked into euroclear/clearstream being used to mediate PBOC's stealth in…",,"EtraAlex Nice blog, subscribed.🙂Have you looked into euroclear/clearstream being used to mediate PBOC's stealth in…",positive,0.9,0.06,0.04,positive,0.9,0.06,0.04,True,English,"['PBOC', 'PBOC']","['EtraAlex Nice blog', 'euroclear/clearstream', 'PBOC', 'stealth', 'EtraAlex Nice blog', 'euroclear/clearstream', 'PBOC', 'stealth']",2021-06-08,Unknown,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,The linkage agreement was signed between EdaaKSA and Clearstream following to the SaudiCMA_En recent approval of…,,The linkage agreement was signed between EdaaKSA and Clearstream following to the SaudiCMA_En recent approval of…,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,True,English,"['EdaaKSA', 'Clearstream', 'SaudiCMA_En', 'EdaaKSA', 'Clearstream', 'SaudiCMA_En']","['linkage agreement', 'recent approval', 'EdaaKSA', 'Clearstream', 'linkage agreement', 'recent approval', 'EdaaKSA', 'Clearstream']",2021-06-08,Unknown,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"Highlights on the linkage with Clearstream by Raed Alhumaid, CEO of EdaaKSA",,"Highlights on the linkage with Clearstream by Raed Alhumaid, CEO of EdaaKSA",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'EdaaKSA', 'Clearstream', 'EdaaKSA']","['Raed Alhumaid', 'Highlights', 'linkage', 'Clearstream', 'CEO', 'EdaaKSA', 'Raed Alhumaid', 'Highlights', 'linkage', 'Clearstream', 'CEO', 'EdaaKSA']",2021-06-07,Unknown,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"The Securities Depository Center ( Edaa) said that Clearstream, a post-trading service provider for Deutsche Börse…",,"The Securities Depository Center ( Edaa) said that Clearstream, a post-trading service provider for Deutsche Börse…",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Securities Depository Center', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Securities Depository Center', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Börse']","['The Securities Depository Center', 'post-trading service provider', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'The Securities Depository Center', 'post-trading service provider', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream']",2021-06-07,Unknown,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"Raed AlHumaid, CEO of Edaa, and Sam Riley, Head of Investors Services and Financing at Clearstream, signed a link…",,"Raed AlHumaid, CEO of Edaa, and Sam Riley, Head of Investors Services and Financing at Clearstream, signed a link…",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream']","['Raed AlHumaid', 'Sam Riley', 'Investors Services', 'CEO', 'Edaa', 'Head', 'Financing', 'Clearstream', 'link', 'Raed AlHumaid', 'Sam Riley', 'Investors Services', 'CEO', 'Edaa', 'Head', 'Financing', 'Clearstream', 'link']",2021-06-07,Unknown,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,Harrit Clearstream  GrandLodge  WallofNames,,Harrit Clearstream  GrandLodge  WallofNames,neutral,0.22,0.76,0.02,neutral,0.22,0.76,0.02,True,(Unknown),[],"['Harrit Clearstream  GrandLodge  WallofNames', 'Harrit Clearstream  GrandLodge  WallofNames']",2021-06-07,Unknown,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,I believe Clearstream is using the same strategy I use in nelhydrogen to buy  and quite sure they love Norwegian A…,,I believe Clearstream is using the same strategy I use in nelhydrogen to buy  and quite sure they love Norwegian A…,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'nelhydrogen', 'Clearstream', 'nelhydrogen']","['same strategy', 'Norwegian A', 'Clearstream', 'nelhydrogen', 'same strategy', 'Norwegian A', 'Clearstream', 'nelhydrogen']",2021-06-07,Unknown,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,Clearstream 50.2% next week 52% .. 54%... 56%  and so long Then Germany release the new projects with nelhydrogen…,,Clearstream 50.2% next week 52% .. 54%... 56%  and so long Then Germany release the new projects with nelhydrogen…,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,True,English,[],"['new projects', 'Clearstream', 'Germany', 'nelhydrogen', 'new projects', 'Clearstream', 'Germany', 'nelhydrogen']",2021-06-07,Unknown,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.coindesk.com/coinshares-issues-three-crypto-etns-on-deutsche-borse,CoinShares Issues Three Crypto ETNs on Deutsche Boerse - CoinDesk,"DisclosureThe leader in news and information on cryptocurrency, digital assets and the future of money, CoinDesk is a media outlet that strives for the highest journalistic standards and abides by a strict set of editorial policies .CoinDesk is an independent operating subsidiary of Digital Currency Group , which invests in cryptocurrencies and blockchain startups","DisclosureThe leader in news and information on cryptocurrency, digital assets and the future of money, CoinDesk is a media outlet that strives for the highest journalistic standards and abides by a strict set of editorial policies . CoinDesk is an independent operating subsidiary of Digital Currency Group , which invests in cryptocurrencies and blockchain startups",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['CoinShares', 'CoinDesk', 'CoinDesk', 'CoinDesk', 'Digital Currency Group']","['Three Crypto ETNs', 'CoinShares Issues', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'CoinDesk', 'highest journalistic standards', 'independent operating subsidiary', 'Digital Currency Group', 'digital assets', 'media outlet', 'strict set', 'editorial policies', 'blockchain startups', 'Disclosure', 'leader', 'news', 'information', 'cryptocurrency', 'future', 'money', 'CoinDesk', 'cryptocurrencies']",2021-06-08,coindesk.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.financemagnates.com/cryptocurrency/news/deutsche-borse-adds-three-new-crypto-etns-via-coinshares/,Deutsche Börse Adds Three New Crypto ETNs via CoinShares,"Deutsche Börse Group, a leading German marketplace organizer for trading shares and other securities, announced on Monday that CoinShares is now a new issuer for three crypto Exchange Traded Notes (ETNs) at its platform.CoinShares Physical Bitcoin, CoinShares Physical Ethereum and CoinShares Physical Litecoin are available for investors via Xetra and Börse Frankfurt.In fact, all three ETNs are physically backed by their respective digital assets and centrally backed, said Deutsche Börse Group.Last year, Deutsche Börse Group became the first exchange worldwide to launch trading in crypto products centrally cleared.For such an Exchange Traded Note, Deutsche Börse Group said that the issuer is ETC Group.","Deutsche Börse Group, a leading German marketplace organizer for trading shares and other securities, announced on Monday that CoinShares is now a new issuer for three crypto Exchange Traded Notes (ETNs) at its platform. CoinShares Physical Bitcoin, CoinShares Physical Ethereum and CoinShares Physical Litecoin are available for investors via Xetra and Börse Frankfurt.According to the announcement, traders could have access to the performance of Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Litecoin (LTC) without having to set up a digital wallet. In fact, all three ETNs are physically backed by their respective digital assets and centrally backed, said Deutsche Börse Group. “Through central clearing, investors benefit from significantly reduced risks in the settlement of their transactions,” the German marketplace added.Bitcoin ETN will have an ongoing charge of 0.98 per cent, while Ethereum and Litecoin ETNs will both have 1.25 and 1.50 per cent, respectively, as ongoing fees. Last year, Deutsche Börse Group became the first exchange worldwide to launch trading in crypto products centrally cleared. With the new products added within its portfolio, investors can pick from 15 ETNs from six providers at the German marketplace.Suggested articles CAPEX.com Expands Cryptocurrencies Portfolio with 12 New AdditionsGo to article >>Litecoin NTN Added in April“The product offering in Deutsche Börse’s ETF & ETP segment currently comprises a total of 1,651 ETFs and 210 ETCs and ETNs. With this selection and an average monthly trading volume of around €17.5 billion, Xetra is the leading trading venue for ETFs and ETPs in Europe,” the firm noted. In April 2021, the marketplace added an ETN on Litecoin. For such an Exchange Traded Note, Deutsche Börse Group said that the issuer is ETC Group.Still, the German company recently witnessed a dip in its market trading volume for April. Finance Magnates reported that the trading metrics across its cash markets generated a total turnover of €147.1 billion in April, which is a 14.8 percent decline year-over-year.",neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,mixed,0.25,0.25,0.5,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShares', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'CoinShares', 'CoinShares', 'Xetra', 'Börse Frankfurt', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'CAPEX.com', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Xetra', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'ETC Group', 'Finance Magnates']","['Three New Crypto ETNs', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShares', 'three crypto Exchange Traded Notes', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'average monthly trading volume', 'leading German marketplace organizer', 'Börse Frankfurt', 'leading trading venue', 'market trading volume', 'respective digital assets', 'CoinShares Physical Bitcoin', 'CoinShares Physical Litecoin', 'CoinShares Physical Ethereum', 'ETC Group', 'crypto products', 'first exchange', 'three ETNs', 'trading shares', 'digital wallet', 'German company', 'trading metrics', 'other securities', 'central clearing', 'ongoing charge', 'ongoing fees', 'new products', 'six providers', '12 New AdditionsGo', 'product offering', 'ETP segment', 'Finance Magnates', 'cash markets', '14.8 percent decline', 'Litecoin NTN', 'new issuer', 'Bitcoin ETN', '1.50 per cent', 'Cryptocurrencies Portfolio', 'total turnover', 'Litecoin ETNs', '15 ETNs', 'Monday', 'platform', 'investors', 'Xetra', 'announcement', 'traders', 'access', 'performance', 'BTC', 'LTC', 'fact', 'risks', 'settlement', 'transactions', 'articles', 'CAPEX', 'April', 'ETF', '210 ETCs', 'selection', 'ETPs', 'Europe', 'firm', 'dip', 'year', '0.98', '1.25']",2021-06-08,financemagnates.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://chainbulletin.com/deutsche-borse-lists-coinshares-physically-backed-crypto-etps/,Deutsche Börse Lists CoinShares Physically-Backed Crypto ETPs,"Now that they have been passported to Germany, CoinShares Physical ETPs will also gain entrance into Italy, Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Spain, France, Denmark, Finland, and Norway.The firm’s first ETP, named CoinShares Physical Bitcoin (BITC) was first launched in January on Switzerland’s SIX Swiss Exchange, and was physically backed by 0.001 BTC.CoinShares Physical Ethereum (ETHE) was launched in February, and was initially backed with 0.03 ETH, while CoinShares Physical Litecoin (LITE) was released in April and backed by 0.2 LTC.Deutsche Börse Xetra now has one year of experience when it comes to crypto ETPs, as it listed ETC Group’s Bitcoin Exchange Traded Crypto (BTCE) on the exchange back in June 2020.Since then, the exchange has listed 15 ETPs from six different providers, covering Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ethereum (ETH), and Litecoin (LTC).","London-based digital asset manager CoinShares has now listed three of its physically-backed exchange traded products (ETPs) on one of Germany’s largest exchanges, the company said in a press release on 7 June.According to the announcement, the cryptocurrency fund’s Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), and Litecoin (LTC) ETPs are now cross-listed on Deutsche Börse’s Xetra market, enabling investors to gain exposure to the crypto space without the need to set up crypto wallets. Since its launch in January, the firm’s physical platform has grown to over $380 million in assets under management, and now operates in eleven countries. CoinShare’s Chief Revenue Officer, Frank Spiteri, said in a statement:“This cross-listing is another important step for CoinShares Asset Management, providing investors across Europe with easier access to digital assets. We look forward to leveraging the Company’s technology and expertise as we build on this momentum and move into new markets, investment exposures and strategic partnerships over the course of the year.”AdvertisementThe listing of CoinShares Physical crypto ETPs on Xetra follows approval from Swedish regulators, which greenlighted the ETPs distribution across the European Union. Now that they have been passported to Germany, CoinShares Physical ETPs will also gain entrance into Italy, Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Spain, France, Denmark, Finland, and Norway.The firm’s first ETP, named CoinShares Physical Bitcoin (BITC) was first launched in January on Switzerland’s SIX Swiss Exchange, and was physically backed by 0.001 BTC. CoinShares Physical Ethereum (ETHE) was launched in February, and was initially backed with 0.03 ETH, while CoinShares Physical Litecoin (LITE) was released in April and backed by 0.2 LTC.Deutsche Börse Xetra now has one year of experience when it comes to crypto ETPs, as it listed ETC Group’s Bitcoin Exchange Traded Crypto (BTCE) on the exchange back in June 2020. Since then, the exchange has listed 15 ETPs from six different providers, covering Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ethereum (ETH), and Litecoin (LTC).",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.54,0.26,0.2,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShares', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShare', 'CoinShares Asset Management', 'CoinShares', 'Xetra', 'European Union', 'CoinShares', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'CoinShares', 'CoinShares', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'ETC Group']","['Deutsche Börse Lists CoinShares', 'Crypto ETPs', 'London-based digital asset manager', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Bitcoin Exchange Traded Crypto', 'CoinShares Physical crypto ETPs', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'six different providers', 'exchange traded products', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'CoinShares Asset Management', 'CoinShares Physical ETPs', 'CoinShares Physical Ethereum', 'CoinShares Physical Litecoin', 'physical platform', 'crypto space', 'crypto wallets', 'digital assets', 'Xetra market', 'largest exchanges', 'press release', 'cryptocurrency fund', 'eleven countries', 'Frank Spiteri', 'important step', 'easier access', 'new markets', 'strategic partnerships', 'Swedish regulators', 'European Union', 'ETC Group', 'Bitcoin Cash', 'ETPs distribution', 'one year', '15 ETPs', 'Germany', 'company', '7 June', 'announcement', 'BTC', 'LTC', 'investors', 'exposure', 'need', 'launch', 'January', 'firm', 'statement', 'cross-listing', 'technology', 'expertise', 'momentum', 'investment', 'course', 'Advertisement', 'approval', 'entrance', 'Italy', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'France', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'Norway', 'Switzerland', 'February', '0.03 ETH', 'April', 'experience', 'BCH']",2021-06-08,chainbulletin.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.directorstalkinterviews.com/deutsche-boerse-na-o.n.---consensus-indicates-potential--10.3-downside/412996516,DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA ON - Consensus Indicates Potential ...,"DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. – Consensus Indicates Potential -10.3% Downside. DirectorsTalk Interviews. Charlotte Edwards · June 3, 2021; 1:03 pm.","DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. – Consensus Indicates Potential -10.3% Downside. DirectorsTalk Interviews. Charlotte Edwards · June 3, 2021; 1:03 pm.",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,['DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N.'],"['DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'Consensus', 'Potential', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'O.N.', 'DirectorsTalk Interviews', 'Charlotte Edwards', 'Consensus', 'Potential', 'June', '1:03']",2021-06-04,directorstalkinterviews.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-AG-Release-according-to-Article-40-Section-1-of-the-WpHG-the-German-Securities-Tra-35535507/,"Deutsche Börse AG: Release according to Article 40, Section 1 of the WpHG [the German Securities Trading Act] with the objective of Europe-wide distribution","DGAP Voting Rights Announcement: Deutsche Börse AGDeutsche Börse AG: Release according to Article 40, Section 1 of the WpHG [the German Securities Trading Act] with the objective of Europe-wide distribution07.06.2021 / 11:31Dissemination of a Voting Rights Announcement transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG.Reason for notification Acquisition/disposal of shares with voting rights Acquisition/disposal of instruments Change of breakdown of voting rights X Other reason:Equity collateral received3.Names of shareholder(s)holding directly 3% or more voting rights, if different from 3.1 WpHG Type of instrument Expiration or maturity date Exercise or conversion period Voting rights absolute Voting rights in % 0 0.00 % Total 0 0.00 %b.2.2 WpHG Type of instrument Expiration or maturity date Exercise or conversion period Cash or physical settlement Voting rights absolute Voting rights in % 0 0.00 % Total 0 0.00 %8.","DGAP Voting Rights Announcement: Deutsche Börse AGDeutsche Börse AG: Release according to Article 40, Section 1 of the WpHG [the German Securities Trading Act] with the objective of Europe-wide distribution07.06.2021 / 11:31Dissemination of a Voting Rights Announcement transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Notification of Major Holdings1. Details of issuer Name: Deutsche Börse AG Street: - Postal code: 60485 City: Frankfurt / MainGermany Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900G3SW56SHYNPR952. Reason for notification Acquisition/disposal of shares with voting rights Acquisition/disposal of instruments Change of breakdown of voting rights X Other reason:Equity collateral received3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation Legal entity: DWS Investment GmbHCity of registered office, country: Frankfurt am Main, Germany4. Names of shareholder(s)holding directly 3% or more voting rights, if different from 3.5. Date on which threshold was crossed or reached: 27 May 20216. Total positions % of voting rights attached to shares(total of 7.a.) % of voting rights through instruments(total of 7.b.1 + 7.b.2) Total of both in %(7.a. + 7.b.) Total number of voting rights pursuant to Sec. 41 WpHG New 3.00054 % 0.00 % 3.00054 % 190000000 Previous notification 2.95 % 0.00 % 2.95 % /7. Details on total positionsa. Voting rights attached to shares (Sec. 33, 34 WpHG) ISIN Absolute In % Direct(Sec. 33 WpHG) Indirect(Sec. 34 WpHG) Direct(Sec. 33 WpHG) Indirect(Sec. 34 WpHG) DE0005810055 0 5701026 0.00 % 3.00 % Total 5701026 3.00054 %b.1. Instruments according to Sec. 38 (1) no. 1 WpHG Type of instrument Expiration or maturity date Exercise or conversion period Voting rights absolute Voting rights in % 0 0.00 % Total 0 0.00 %b.2. Instruments according to Sec. 38 (1) no. 2 WpHG Type of instrument Expiration or maturity date Exercise or conversion period Cash or physical settlement Voting rights absolute Voting rights in % 0 0.00 % Total 0 0.00 %8. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligationX Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled nor does it control any other undertaking(s) that directly or indirectly hold(s) an interest in the (underlying) issuer (1.). Full chain of controlled undertakings starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entity:Name % of voting rights (if at least 3% or more) % of voting rights through instruments (if at least 5% or more) Total of both (if at least 5% or more)9. In case of proxy voting according to Sec. 34 para. 3 WpHG(only in case of attribution of voting rights in accordance with Sec. 34 para. 1 sent. 1 No. 6 WpHG)Date of general meeting:Holding total positions after general meeting (6.) after annual general meeting:Proportion of voting rights Proportion of instruments Total of both % % %10. Other explanatory remarks:Equity collateral received via transfer of title.Date02 Jun 2021holding directly 3% or more voting rights, if different from 3.(only in case of attribution of voting rights in accordance with Sec. 34 para. 1 sent. 1 No. 6 WpHG)Date of general meeting:Holding total positions after general meeting (6.) after annual general meeting:Date07.06.2021 The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements, Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.dgap.de",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.15,0.83,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'DGAP', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'DGAP', 'EQS Group AG', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'DWS Investment GmbH', 'DGAP Distribution Services']","['Deutsche Börse AG', 'German Securities Trading Act', 'Europe-wide distribution', 'Release', 'Article 40', 'Section', 'WpHG', 'objective', 'Deutsche Börse AG Street', 'German Securities Trading Act', 'ultimate controlling natural person', 'The DGAP Distribution Services', 'physical settlement Voting rights', 'conversion period Voting rights', 'notification obligation Legal entity', 'EQS Group AG', 'DGAP Voting Rights Announcement', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'DWS Investment GmbH', 'Other explanatory remarks', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'absolute Voting rights', 'annual general meeting', 'Sec. 41 WpHG New', 'Europe-wide distribution', 'proxy voting', 'other undertaking', 'Major Holdings', 'Postal code', 'Equity collateral', 'registered office', 'Previous notification', 'X Person', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Financial/Corporate News', 'Press Releases', 'Other reason', 'issuer Name', 'underlying) issuer', 'Total number', 'total positions', '1 WpHG Type', '2 WpHG Type', 'maturity date', '34 WpHG', '5. Date', 'Sec. 34', 'Article 40', 'Section', 'objective', 'Dissemination', 'content', 'Details', 'City', 'Germany', 'LEI', '529900G3SW56SHYNPR95', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'shares', 'instruments', 'Change', 'breakdown', 'country', 'Names', 'shareholder', 'threshold', '27 May', '7.a', 'ISIN', 'Direct', 'Expiration', 'Exercise', 'Cash', 'Information', 'relation', 'interest', 'case', 'attribution', 'accordance', 'No.', 'Proportion', 'transfer', 'title', '02 Jun', 'include', 'Archive', '1.']",2021-06-07,marketscreener.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-nbsp-Forced-relocation-of-swaps-clearing-to-EU-would-harm-bloc-says-LSE-35534696/,"Deutsche Börse : Forced relocation of swaps clearing to EU would harm bloc, says LSE","The EU is studying how trillions of euros in interest rate swaps positions could be shifted from LSEG's LCH clearing arm in London, where the bulk of the global market is cleared, to rival Deutsche Boerse's Eurex in Frankfurt.Britain's access to the EU financial market was largely severed after Brexit fully took effect on Dec. 31, 2020 and LCH has permission to serve EU customers only until June 2022.LCH is already directly supervised by the EU securities watchdog ESMA, LSEG added.Some industry officials fear mandatory relocation could push euro clearing to New York in the same way as EU curbs has done to trading in euro derivatives.EU companies accounted for only 27.1% of euro-denominated interest rate derivatives clearing volumes at LCH in London in 2020, with 72.9% coming from non-EU firms, LSEG said.","The EU is studying how trillions of euros in interest rate swaps positions could be shifted from LSEG's LCH clearing arm in London, where the bulk of the global market is cleared, to rival Deutsche Boerse's Eurex in Frankfurt.Britain's access to the EU financial market was largely severed after Brexit fully took effect on Dec. 31, 2020 and LCH has permission to serve EU customers only until June 2022.EU officials say they want full sight of large-scale activity by EU regulated banks and asset managers in order to monitor any potential threats to the bloc's financial stability.""Restricting access to the EU economy and the euro would place EU firms in competitive disadvantage against their peers and would also increase risk to financial stability both in the EU and more widely,"" LSEG said in a note issued on Friday.LCH is already directly supervised by the EU securities watchdog ESMA, LSEG added.Some industry officials fear mandatory relocation could push euro clearing to New York in the same way as EU curbs has done to trading in euro derivatives.""LCH fully shares the concerns raised by our customers: regulatory-driven market fragmentation will not produce any significant benefits either to market participants, financial stability or to national economies,"" LSEG said.EU companies accounted for only 27.1% of euro-denominated interest rate derivatives clearing volumes at LCH in London in 2020, with 72.9% coming from non-EU firms, LSEG said.This illustrated the international use of the euro and the need for EU firms to access international clearers to hedge their risks in euros as well as in other non-euro currencies, it added.The European Central Bank has powers to require LCH to open a deposit account with it to give the central bank more oversight over the clearer's payment flows in euros, LSEG said.""LCH Ltd is fully supportive of this requirement,"" LSEG said.(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Toby Chopra and Pravin Char)By Huw Jones",negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,mixed,0.17,0.19,0.64,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'EU', 'LSE', 'EU', 'LSEG', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Eurex', 'EU', 'LCH', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'LSEG', 'LCH', 'EU', 'ESMA', 'LSEG', 'EU', 'LCH', 'LSEG', 'EU', 'LCH', 'EU', 'LSEG', 'EU', 'European Central Bank', 'LCH', 'central', 'LSEG', 'LCH Ltd', 'LSEG']","['Deutsche Börse', 'swaps clearing', 'relocation', 'bloc', 'LSE', 'interest rate swaps positions', 'euro-denominated interest rate derivatives', 'The European Central Bank', 'other non-euro currencies', 'regulatory-driven market fragmentation', 'EU regulated banks', 'EU securities watchdog', 'LCH clearing arm', 'EU financial market', 'global market', 'euro derivatives', 'market participants', 'financial stability', 'EU officials', 'EU economy', 'EU firms', 'EU curbs', 'EU companies', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'full sight', 'large-scale activity', 'asset managers', 'potential threats', 'competitive disadvantage', 'industry officials', 'mandatory relocation', 'euro clearing', 'New York', 'same way', 'significant benefits', 'national economies', 'international use', 'international clearers', 'deposit account', 'payment flows', 'Huw Jones', 'Toby Chopra', 'Pravin Char', 'EU customers', 'LCH Ltd', 'trillions', 'euros', 'LSEG', 'London', 'bulk', 'Eurex', 'Frankfurt', 'Britain', 'access', 'Brexit', 'effect', 'Dec.', 'permission', 'June', 'order', 'bloc', 'peers', 'risk', 'note', 'Friday', 'ESMA', 'concerns', 'volumes', 'need', 'powers', 'oversight', 'requirement', 'Editing']",2021-06-07,marketscreener.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/auto1-group-to-join-germany-s-mdax-index-update-271622797367,Auto1 Group to Join Germany's MDAX Index -- Update,"By Olivia BugaultGerman stock-exchange operator Deutsche Boerse AG said late Thursday that Auto1 Group SE will replace Siltronic AG in the MDAX index.The MDAX lists the companies that rank immediately below those of the blue-chip DAX index.The change will be effective on June 21 and will see German supplier of silicon wafers Siltronic move to the SDAX, Germany's small-cap index.Siltronic will take the place of German digital automotive platform Auto1 Group, the company said.The next review of the DAX index family is scheduled for Sept. 3, Deutsche Boerse said.","By Olivia BugaultGerman stock-exchange operator Deutsche Boerse AG said late Thursday that Auto1 Group SE will replace Siltronic AG in the MDAX index.The MDAX lists the companies that rank immediately below those of the blue-chip DAX index.The change will be effective on June 21 and will see German supplier of silicon wafers Siltronic move to the SDAX, Germany's small-cap index. Siltronic will take the place of German digital automotive platform Auto1 Group, the company said.Deutsche Boerse also said that European mobile-towers company Vantage Towers AG will replace Koenig & Bauer AG on the SDAX, while German cable and wiring-systems maker Leoni AG will be replaced by IT service provider Nagarro SE and leasing company Grenke AG will take the place of real-estate investment company Corestate Capital Holding SA.The next review of the DAX index family is scheduled for Sept. 3, Deutsche Boerse said.Write to Olivia Bugault at olivia.bugaultwsj.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Auto1 Group', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Auto1 Group SE', 'Siltronic AG', 'MDAX', 'Siltronic', 'Siltronic', 'Auto1 Group', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Vantage Towers AG', 'Koenig & Bauer AG', 'Leoni AG', 'Nagarro SE', 'Grenke AG', 'Corestate Capital Holding SA', 'Deutsche Boerse']","['Auto1 Group', 'MDAX Index', 'Germany', 'Update', 'German digital automotive platform Auto1 Group', 'European mobile-towers company Vantage Towers AG', 'Corestate Capital Holding SA', 'Auto1 Group SE', 'German stock-exchange operator', 'IT service provider', 'real-estate investment company', 'blue-chip DAX index', 'DAX index family', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'German supplier', 'leasing company', 'Bauer AG', 'Leoni AG', 'Grenke AG', 'MDAX index', 'small-cap index', 'Nagarro SE', 'Siltronic AG', 'The MDAX', 'silicon wafers', 'wiring-systems maker', 'next review', 'Olivia Bugault', 'companies', 'June', 'SDAX', 'Germany', 'place', 'Koenig', 'cable', 'Sept.']",2021-06-04,marketwatch.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.arabnews.com/node/1872151/business-economy,Global bond investors get new path to $2.5 trillion Saudi market,"Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Börse Group, will connect the Saudi capital market to its network after teaming up with the Securities ...","Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Börse Group, will connect the Saudi capital market to its network after teaming up with the Securities ...",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'Deutsche Börse Group']","['Global bond investors', '$2.5 trillion Saudi market', 'new path', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trading services provider', 'Saudi capital market', 'Clearstream', 'network', 'Securities']",2021-06-08,arabnews.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.etfexpress.com/2021/06/08/301534/new-lyxor-government-bonds-etf-xetra-and-borse-frankfurt,New Lyxor government bonds ETF on Xetra and Börse Frankfurt,"Lyxor has launched a new government bonds-focused ETF on Xetra and Deutcshe Borse.The Lyxor Core Euro Government Bond (DR) UCITS ETF – Dist gives investors access to fixed-income and euro-denominated government bonds of the eurozone.In addition to an investment grade rating, the debt instruments must have a maturity of at least one year and a minimum outstanding volume of EUR2.5 billion when included in the index.The product offering in Deutsche Börse's XTF segment currently comprises a total of 1,651 ETFs.With this selection and an average monthly trading volume of around EUR17.5 billion, Xetra is the leading trading venue for ETFs in Europe.","Lyxor has launched a new government bonds-focused ETF on Xetra and Deutcshe Borse.The Lyxor Core Euro Government Bond (DR) UCITS ETF – Dist gives investors access to fixed-income and euro-denominated government bonds of the eurozone. In addition to an investment grade rating, the debt instruments must have a maturity of at least one year and a minimum outstanding volume of EUR2.5 billion when included in the index. Accruing coupon payments are distributed to the investors.The product offering in Deutsche Börse's XTF segment currently comprises a total of 1,651 ETFs. With this selection and an average monthly trading volume of around EUR17.5 billion, Xetra is the leading trading venue for ETFs in Europe.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.73,0.15,0.12,True,English,"['Lyxor', 'Xetra', 'Börse Frankfurt', 'Lyxor', 'Xetra', 'Deutcshe Borse', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Xetra']","['New Lyxor government bonds ETF', 'Börse Frankfurt', 'Xetra', 'The Lyxor Core Euro Government Bond', 'average monthly trading volume', 'new government bonds', 'euro-denominated government bonds', 'leading trading venue', 'investment grade rating', 'Accruing coupon payments', 'Deutsche Börse', 'outstanding volume', 'focused ETF', 'Deutcshe Borse', 'UCITS ETF', 'debt instruments', 'one year', 'XTF segment', 'Xetra', 'DR', 'Dist', 'investors', 'access', 'fixed-income', 'eurozone', 'addition', 'maturity', 'minimum', 'index', 'product', 'total', '1,651 ETFs', 'selection', 'Europe']",2021-06-09,etfexpress.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.investmentweek.co.uk/news/4032495/rishi-sunak-holds-talks-financial-services-sector-post-brexit-competitiveness-reports,Rishi Sunak holds talks with financial services sector on post-Brexit competitiveness - reports,"The UK Government said that Prime Minister Boris Johnson hosted a virtual roundtable on the morning of 7 June with financial services leaders, alongside the Chancellor and Bank of England (BoE) governor Andrew Bailey.City AM has reported that the Chancellor promised to protect financial services from competition from Brussels.""They also discussed how to support innovation and the competitiveness of the UK financial services sector now we have left the transition period,"" the statement said.Brexit Blog: Post-Brexit trade deal with Norway imminent - reports""The group welcomed ongoing collaboration to drive long-term innovation and green growth - cementing the UK's position as a global financial centre.""Following the 7 June call, Sunak will lead a series of roundtables with ""key players"" from the finance sector in the lead-up to his and the BoE governor's Mansion House speeches.","The UK Government said that Prime Minister Boris Johnson hosted a virtual roundtable on the morning of 7 June with financial services leaders, alongside the Chancellor and Bank of England (BoE) governor Andrew Bailey. It confirmed that the discussions were ""wide ranging"".City AM has reported that the Chancellor promised to protect financial services from competition from Brussels.The Rishi rebound: Chancellor's Budget provides a roadmap for post-Covid debt reduction and economic recoveryAccording to reports, an EU document seen this week showed that the European Commission is running workshops with the industry to discuss how to shift trillions of euros in swaps contracts from the London Stock Exchange to Frankfurt's Deutsche Börse.In a statement about the private call, the UK Government said that the Prime Minister began by ""thanking the sector for the role it had played in supporting firms and households during the pandemic"", and that the business leaders went on to discuss the economic recovery.""They also discussed how to support innovation and the competitiveness of the UK financial services sector now we have left the transition period,"" the statement said.Brexit Blog: Post-Brexit trade deal with Norway imminent - reports""The group welcomed ongoing collaboration to drive long-term innovation and green growth - cementing the UK's position as a global financial centre.""Following the 7 June call, Sunak will lead a series of roundtables with ""key players"" from the finance sector in the lead-up to his and the BoE governor's Mansion House speeches.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.19,0.05,True,English,"['Government', 'Bank of England', 'BoE', 'City AM', 'EU', 'European Commission', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Government', 'BoE']","['financial services sector', 'Rishi Sunak', 'post-Brexit competitiveness', 'talks', 'reports', 'Prime Minister Boris Johnson', 'UK financial services sector', 'The Rishi rebound', 'post-Covid debt reduction', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Post-Brexit trade deal', 'global financial centre', 'Mansion House speeches', 'financial services leaders', 'governor Andrew Bailey', 'business leaders', 'BoE governor', 'finance sector', 'UK Government', 'virtual roundtable', 'City AM', 'economic recovery', 'EU document', 'European Commission', 'swaps contracts', 'private call', 'transition period', 'Brexit Blog', 'ongoing collaboration', 'green growth', 'key players', 'long-term innovation', '7 June call', 'morning', 'Chancellor', 'Bank', 'England', 'discussions', 'competition', 'Brussels', 'Budget', 'roadmap', 'reports', 'workshops', 'industry', 'trillions', 'euros', 'Frankfurt', 'statement', 'role', 'firms', 'households', 'pandemic', 'competitiveness', 'Norway', 'imminent', 'group', 'position', 'Sunak', 'series', 'roundtables', 'lead-up']",2021-06-08,investmentweek.co.uk,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://www.reuters.com/world/eu-quizzes-industry-relocating-euro-clearing-london-2021-06-07/,EU quizzes industry on relocating euro clearing from London - Reuters,"British and European Union flags are seen ahead of a meeting of European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, in Brussels, Belgium December 9, 2020.Olivier Hoslet/Pool via REUTERSThe European Union is asking financial market participants to suggest legislative changesthat would help them transfer clearing in euro derivatives from London to the bloc as Britain's stock exchange offered an olive branch.Euro clearing has long been a Brexit battleground as the City of London seeks to minimise damage from EU exit.EU companies accounted for only 27.1% of euro-denominated interest rate derivatives clearing volumes at LCH in London in 2020, with 72.9% coming from non-EU firms, the LSE said.This illustrated the international use of the euro and the need for EU firms to access international clearers, the LSE said.","British and European Union flags are seen ahead of a meeting of European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, in Brussels, Belgium December 9, 2020. Olivier Hoslet/Pool via REUTERSThe European Union is asking financial market participants to suggest legislative changesthat would help them transfer clearing in euro derivatives from London to the bloc as Britain's stock exchange offered an olive branch.Britain's access to the EU financial market was largely severed after Brexit fully took effect on Dec. 31, 2020 and the London Stock Exchange Group's clearing unit LCH has permission to serve EU customers only until June 2022.EU officials say they want full sight of large-scale activity by EU regulated banks and asset managers in order to monitor any potential threats to the bloc's financial stability. read moreThe EU's executive European Commission is due to hold workshops with customers of clearing houses about shifting euro interest rate swaps contracts worth trillions of euros from London to Deutsche Boerse in Frankfurt.""How long would be needed to transfer positions or flows identified as clearable inside the Union? How could the time needed be potentially reduced?"" an EU document seen by Reuters said.The EU executive wants to know if the costs of shifting clearing could be reduced, and what changes in EU law or rules applied by regulators would help.""What supervisory measures could be taken to facilitate the transfer? What steps could market participants undertake to contribute to the process?""Euro clearing has long been a Brexit battleground as the City of London seeks to minimise damage from EU exit.The LSE on Friday fought back by setting out key data on clearing, concluding that forced relocation would bump up costs for customers and put EU firms at a competitive disadvantage to international peers.""Restricting access to the EU economy and the euro would place EU firms in competitive disadvantage against their peers and would also increase risk to financial stability both in the EU and more widely,"" the exchange said.LCH is already directly supervised by the EU securities watchdog ESMA, LSE said.In a bid to win over the EU to extend access to the bloc beyond next year, the LSE said it would be happy for its London clearer to be supervised by the European Central Bank, which has long sought a direct say over euro clearing.The LSE said the ECB has powers under EU law to require LCH to open a deposit account with it to give the central bank more oversight over the clearer's payment flows in euros.""LCH Ltd is fully supportive of this requirement,"" LSE said.EU companies accounted for only 27.1% of euro-denominated interest rate derivatives clearing volumes at LCH in London in 2020, with 72.9% coming from non-EU firms, the LSE said.This illustrated the international use of the euro and the need for EU firms to access international clearers, the LSE said.Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.46,0.11,0.43,True,English,"['EU', 'Reuters', 'European Union', 'European Commission', 'Pool', 'REUTERS', 'European Union', 'EU', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'LCH', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'European Commission', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Union', 'EU', 'Reuters', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'LSE', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'LCH', 'EU', 'ESMA', 'LSE', 'EU', 'LSE', 'European Central Bank', 'LSE', 'ECB', 'EU', 'LCH', 'LCH Ltd', 'LSE', 'EU', 'LCH', 'EU', 'LSE', 'EU', 'LSE', 'Thomson Reuters']","['EU quizzes', 'euro clearing', 'industry', 'London', 'Reuters', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson', 'euro interest rate swaps contracts', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'euro-denominated interest rate derivatives', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'European Union flags', 'The European Union', 'European Central Bank', 'What supervisory measures', 'EU regulated banks', 'EU securities watchdog', 'financial market participants', 'EU financial market', 'euro derivatives', 'financial stability', 'What steps', 'The LSE', 'Olivier Hoslet/Pool', 'legislative changesthat', 'olive branch', 'EU officials', 'full sight', 'large-scale activity', 'asset managers', 'potential threats', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'EU document', 'EU law', 'EU exit', 'key data', 'EU firms', 'competitive disadvantage', 'EU economy', 'next year', 'direct say', 'deposit account', 'EU companies', 'international use', 'international clearers', 'Euro clearing', 'clearing unit', 'shifting clearing', 'EU executive', 'Brexit battleground', 'international peers', 'payment flows', 'EU customers', 'LCH Ltd', 'London clearer', 'meeting', 'Brussels', 'Belgium', 'bloc', 'Britain', 'access', 'effect', 'Dec.', 'permission', 'June', 'order', 'workshops', 'houses', 'trillions', 'euros', 'Frankfurt', 'positions', 'time', 'costs', 'rules', 'regulators', 'transfer', 'process', 'City', 'damage', 'Friday', 'relocation', 'risk', 'ESMA', 'bid', 'ECB', 'powers', 'oversight', 'requirement', 'volumes', 'non', 'need', 'Standards']",2021-06-07,reuters.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/european-stock-traders-place-their-blockbuster-bets-dark-2021-06-03/,European stock traders place their blockbuster bets in the dark - Reuters,"The stock-trading version, ""dark pools"" that host blockbuster trades, are pulling in major money in Europe.Thus business is brisk for dark pools, which match buyers and sellers away from wider market and regulatory scrutiny.""If there is more block trading, then you certainly need to shift your trading strategy,"" he said.ARCHEGOS SCANDALIn the United States, block trades have been part of the investment scene for the best part of two decades.U.S. regulators are not stepping up scrutiny of dark pools directly, but are looking into the relationship between investment banks and hedge funds.","A trading screen is seen following the opening of the markets by British Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond and Chinese Vice-Premier Hu Chunhua at the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain June 17, 2019. REUTERS/Henry Nicholls/PoolThink of an exclusive poker game where the minimum bet is close to $1 million. The stock-trading version, ""dark pools"" that host blockbuster trades, are pulling in major money in Europe.Their rise has been swift.On June 24, 2016 - the day after the Brexit vote - just 3% of trades on the London Stock Exchange's Turquoise shares platform were carried out in its dark pool via so-called block trades, mega-bets of around $800,000 or more.Fast forward about four years to Nov. 9, 2020 - another momentous day for markets, when Pfizer was the first COVID-19 vaccine developer to announce it had produced an effective shot - and 58% of trades were executed in these giant blocks.The ballooning interest is evidence that U.S.-style block trading of shares is ""becoming truly mainstream"" among European institutional investors, according to Robert Barnes, global head of primary markets at LSE Group.The LSEG is one of a handful of European exchanges trying to grab a slice of the action, having seen dark pools - traditionally run by investment banks or specialised platforms - siphon off growing trading volumes from their industry.Pan-European exchange operator Euronext told Reuters it was preparing to launch its own business - Euronext Block - in coming months.Block trades are so big - EU regulators stipulate at least 650,000 euros ($795,000) for large-cap stocks - they are, in practice, too costly for investors to make on mainstream exchanges where they can move the market and take a big hit on price.Such ""off-exchange"" deals accounted for 4.2% of overall EU monthly trading volumes in February, up from 1.5% in January 2017, according to investment bank and research firm Rosenblatt Securities. Over that period, block trades in the more mature U.S. market eased from 9.6% to 6.7%.Thus business is brisk for dark pools, which match buyers and sellers away from wider market and regulatory scrutiny.Goldman Sachs told Reuters its European block-trading volumes in the first quarter of 2021 had already surpassed full-year levels for 2020, which itself had doubled from 2019. It declined to disclose volumes. Another top U.S. bank confirmed similar rates of European growth on condition of anonymity.Among other leading venues, more than $7 billion worth of shares were traded on CBOE's European block-trading platform in April, and more than $10 billion at Liquidnet, according to data from broker and analytics firm Instinet.Jason Lenzo, head of trading at London-based Russell Investments, said if block-trading volumes continued to rise, investors had to adapt. Russell has increased its share of block trades from 30% of all trade volumes a couple of years ago to the ""mid-30s"" now, he added.""If there is more block trading, then you certainly need to shift your trading strategy,"" he said. ""You want to be in the market where the liquidity is focused.""LSE AND EURONEXTThe shift towards the dark has alarmed some mainstream European stock exchanges, which are lobbying for tighter controls on such rival venues, saying they hinder transparency.Prices of deals on dark pools are only shared with the wider - or ""lit"" - market after the trade takes place, unlike on exchange where it is displayed until it's executed.Germany's Deutsche Boerse said dark pools trading could have a negative impact on price discovery, when it came to smaller-sized orders, and that this would eventually push up trading costs for issuers and investors.""Trading in the dark should be limited in order not to harm price formation in the long run,"" said Sandra Vincent, head of market structure and regulation at Deutsche Boerse Cash Market.EU regulators are concerned too. With MiFID II in 2018, they ruled that only 8% of a stock's average trading volume can be transacted via dark pools and set minimum limits for the size of each trade that can preclude all but the biggest fish.Yet the LSE's dark pool has become an important source of earnings since Britain's decoupling from the EU and its rules.Trading on Turquoise, a trading venue majority-owned by the LSE, doubled to around 241 billion euros last year compared with 2015, when the exchange started reporting full-year volumes for the unit. Over the same period, volumes on the LSE's main bourse declined 18% to 1.4 trillion euros.The block-trading business received a fillip in December when regulators in Britain, now competing with the continent for investment money, said international investors would be allowed to trade near-unlimited amounts of shares in the country.Euronext told Reuters it was taking a different tack. Rather than compete with existing players more focused on large-cap stocks, it said it was going to launch a block-trading venue for small and mid-caps, which it described as ""underserved and neglected"" in European trading as a whole.""In the next few months, I can't give a date yet, we're just onboarding offer to customers, we're going to be launching something called Euronext Block,"" said Simon Gallagher, head of cash equities and derivatives at Euronext.""In the midcaps, it could be 10,000-euro order sizes, which is equivalent to a blue-chip trade in the lit market.""BLOCKBUSTER SAVINGS?The cost savings offered by block trades are a big draw for the European investment industry, where many are already facing higher regulatory scrutiny over client fees.A block trade would have saved an investor nearly 90% of the transaction cost they would otherwise incur, according to an analysis at the end of 2020 by trading platform Instinet, which runs a European dark pool called Blockmatch. It defines transaction cost as ""the price achieved for an order vs the price available at the time you decided to make a trade or more importantly vs the expected cost"".Danny Mallinson, head of EMEA execution services at Goldman Sachs, said costs savings made block trading increasingly attractive for investors.""In the last 12 to 18 months, we have been living in a market environment where the cost of trading has gone up as spreads have widened,"" he added.With trading concentrated at the start and end of each day, increasingly thin-volume markets make transactions expensive and almost impossible to hide. Bid and offer prices are often far apart, meaning even medium-sized trades can move markets.""Some of those spreads can be 20 basis points wide or some can be as much as 500 bps wide,"" said Lenzo at Russell Investments.ARCHEGOS SCANDALIn the United States, block trades have been part of the investment scene for the best part of two decades. Many exchanges operate a dual strategy, with separate platforms focused on retail and institutional investors.These platforms usually co-exist peacefully as institutional clients trade with their peers without worrying about information leakage, while the retail investor can trade tiny chunks without worrying about large orders swamping the market.Problems can arise when these markets collide, though, as happened this year when the implosion of Archegos Capital led to institutional investors dumping large amounts of shares via dark pools. The news leaked, fuelling a selloff across the broader mainstream market, and led to some retail investors questioning why big players were party to sensitive information first.U.S. regulators are not stepping up scrutiny of dark pools directly, but are looking into the relationship between investment banks and hedge funds.Ben Stephens, global head of product management at Instinet, said the advantages of block trading, particularly electronic midpoint blocks and guaranteed prices from dealers, meant the practice was here to stay in Europe.""The opportunity cost of not trading a block vs trading in the lit market is so high that it means asset managers will continue to choose to execute blocks electronically where they can,"" he added.($1 = 0.8175 euros)Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.13,0.69,True,English,"['Reuters', 'REUTERS', 'Pool', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Pfizer', 'LSE Group', 'LSEG', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Euronext Block', 'EU', 'EU', 'Rosenblatt Securities', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Reuters', 'CBOE', 'Liquidnet', 'Instinet', 'Russell Investments', 'Russell', 'LSE', 'EURONEXT', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Boerse Cash Market', 'EU', 'LSE', 'EU', 'Turquoise', 'LSE', 'LSE', 'Euronext', 'Reuters']","['European stock traders', 'blockbuster bets', 'dark', 'Reuters', 'U.S.-style block trading', 'overall EU monthly trading volumes', 'Chinese Vice-Premier Hu Chunhua', 'top U.S. bank', 'first COVID-19 vaccine developer', 'mature U.S. market', 'Deutsche Boerse Cash Market', 'mainstream European stock exchanges', 'Exchequer Philip Hammond', 'exclusive poker game', 'average trading volume', 'other leading venues', 'Pan-European exchange operator', 'European block-trading platform', 'Such ""off-exchange"" deals', 'London-based Russell Investments', 'growing trading volumes', 'European block-trading volumes', 'European institutional investors', 'London Stock Exchange', 'dark pools trading', 'Turquoise shares platform', 'mainstream exchanges', 'European exchanges', 'European trading', 'investment bank', 'first quarter', 'European growth', 'trading screen', 'trading strategy', 'trading costs', 'trading venue', 'rival venues', 'full-year volumes', 'EU regulators', 'market structure', 'block trades', 'British Chancellor', 'Henry Nicholls', 'minimum bet', 'stock-trading version', 'major money', 'Brexit vote', 'momentous day', 'effective shot', 'giant blocks', 'ballooning interest', 'Robert Barnes', 'The LSEG', 'specialised platforms', 'coming months', 'large-cap stocks', 'big hit', 'research firm', 'Rosenblatt Securities', 'regulatory scrutiny', 'Goldman Sachs', 'full-year levels', 'similar rates', '$7 billion worth', 'analytics firm', 'Jason Lenzo', 'tighter controls', 'negative impact', 'smaller-sized orders', 'long run', 'Sandra Vincent', 'MiFID II', 'minimum limits', 'biggest fish', 'important source', 'main bourse', 'investment money', 'near-unlimited amounts', 'different tack', 'existing players', 'Euronext Block', 'block-trading business', 'trade volumes', 'price discovery', 'price formation', '241 billion euros', '1.4 trillion euros', 'wider market', 'international investors', 'blockbuster trades', 'same period', 'global head', 'primary markets', 'LSE Group', '650,000 euros', 'opening', 'Britain', 'REUTERS', 'rise', 'June', 'mega-bets', 'four', 'Nov.', 'Pfizer', 'evidence', 'handful', 'slice', 'action', 'industry', 'practice', 'February', 'January', 'buyers', 'sellers', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'CBOE', 'April', 'Liquidnet', 'data', 'broker', 'Instinet', 'mid-30s', 'liquidity', 'shift', 'transparency', 'Prices', 'place', 'Germany', 'issuers', 'regulation', 'earnings', 'decoupling', 'rules', 'unit', 'fillip', 'December', 'continent', 'country', 'mid-caps']",2021-06-03,reuters.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://cointelegraph.com/news/coinshares-lists-physically-backed-crypto-etps-on-german-exchange,CoinShares lists physically-backed crypto ETPs on German exchange,"According to an announcement on Monday, CoinShares Physical Bitcoin (BTC), Ether (ETH) and Litecoin (LTC) ETPs have cross-listed on major German exchange Deutsche Boerse Xetra.The digital asset manager started the year by launching a Bitcoin ETP named CoinShares Physical Bitcoin (BITC) in January.CoinShares Physical Ether (ETHE) was backed with 0.03 ETH at launch, while CoinShares Physical Litecoin (LITE) was backed with 0.2 LTC.CoinShares’ passporting to Germany enabled CoinShares Physical ETPs’ entrance into Germany, Italy, Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Spain, France, Denmark, Finland and Norway.Last year, London-based ETC Group announced the listing of its Bitcoin Exchange Traded Crypto (BTCE) on the exchange.","European digital asset manager CoinShares is expanding the reach of its physically backed exchange-traded product (ETP) portfolio with a new listing in Germany.According to an announcement on Monday, CoinShares Physical Bitcoin (BTC), Ether (ETH) and Litecoin (LTC) ETPs have cross-listed on major German exchange Deutsche Boerse Xetra.The digital asset manager started the year by launching a Bitcoin ETP named CoinShares Physical Bitcoin (BITC) in January. Listed on Switzerland’s SIX Swiss Exchange, each ETP is physically backed by 0.001 Bitcoin.Since then, the CoinShares Physical platform has launched Ether and Litecoin ETPs. CoinShares Physical Ether (ETHE) was backed with 0.03 ETH at launch, while CoinShares Physical Litecoin (LITE) was backed with 0.2 LTC.CoinShares chief revenue officer Frank Spiteri said that the CoinShares Physical platform now has over $380 million in assets under management and operates in 11 countries.The listing of CoinShares Physical Bitcoin, Ether and Litecoin ETPs on Boerse Xetra follows approval from regulators to distribute the ETPs across the European Union, the announcement reads.CoinShares’ passporting to Germany enabled CoinShares Physical ETPs’ entrance into Germany, Italy, Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Spain, France, Denmark, Finland and Norway.“Focussing on market demand, we launched earlier this year, our institutional platform CoinShares Physical first in Switzerland and now in Europe,” CoinShares CEO Jean-Marie Mognetti said. The Boerse Xetra listing offers European institutional investors an entry point into digital assets with the credibility of CoinShares, he added.Deutsche Boerse Xetra is no stranger to cryptocurrency ETPs. Last year, London-based ETC Group announced the listing of its Bitcoin Exchange Traded Crypto (BTCE) on the exchange. It was also one of two European exchanges along with SIX to list New York-based asset manager WisdomTree’s physically backed Ether ETP.",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['CoinShares', 'CoinShares', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'CoinShares', 'Bitcoin', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'CoinShares', 'CoinShares', 'CoinShares', 'CoinShares', 'CoinShares Physical', 'CoinShares', 'Boerse Xetra', 'European Union', 'CoinShares', 'CoinShares', 'CoinShares Physical', 'CoinShares', 'Boerse Xetra', 'CoinShares', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'ETC Group', 'SIX', 'WisdomTree']","['crypto ETPs', 'German exchange', 'CoinShares', 'backed', 'major German exchange Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'CoinShares chief revenue officer', 'CoinShares CEO Jean-Marie Mognetti', 'New York-based asset manager', 'European digital asset manager', 'The Boerse Xetra', 'London-based ETC Group', 'two European exchanges', 'Bitcoin Exchange Traded', 'European institutional investors', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'CoinShares Physical platform', 'CoinShares Physical Bitcoin', 'CoinShares Physical Litecoin', 'CoinShares Physical ETPs', 'CoinShares Physical Ether', 'institutional platform', 'European Union', 'CoinShares’ passporting', 'digital assets', 'new listing', 'Bitcoin ETP', 'exchange-traded product', 'Frank Spiteri', 'market demand', 'entry point', 'ETP) portfolio', 'Litecoin ETPs', 'Ether ETP', '0.001 Bitcoin', 'reach', 'Germany', 'announcement', 'Monday', 'BTC', 'LTC', 'year', 'January', 'Switzerland', '0.03 ETH', 'launch', 'management', '11 countries', 'approval', 'regulators', 'entrance', 'Italy', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'France', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'Norway', 'credibility', 'stranger', 'cryptocurrency', 'WisdomTree']",2021-06-07,cointelegraph.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://news.yahoo.com/european-stock-traders-place-blockbuster-050727628.html,European stock traders place their blockbuster bets in the dark,"The stock-trading version, ""dark pools"" that host blockbuster trades, are pulling in major money in Europe.Thus business is brisk for dark pools, which match buyers and sellers away from wider market and regulatory scrutiny.""If there is more block trading, then you certainly need to shift your trading strategy,"" he said.ARCHEGOS SCANDALIn the United States, block trades have been part of the investment scene for the best part of two decades.U.S. regulators are not stepping up scrutiny of dark pools directly, but are looking into the relationship between investment banks and hedge funds.","By Saikat Chatterjee and Thyagaraju AdinarayanLONDON (Reuters) - Think of an exclusive poker game where the minimum bet is close to $1 million. The stock-trading version, ""dark pools"" that host blockbuster trades, are pulling in major money in Europe.Their rise has been swift.On June 24, 2016 - the day after the Brexit vote - just 3% of trades on the London Stock Exchange's Turquoise shares platform were carried out in its dark pool via so-called block trades, mega-bets of around $800,000 or more.Fast forward about four years to Nov. 9, 2020 - another momentous day for markets, when Pfizer was the first COVID-19 vaccine developer to announce it had produced an effective shot - and 58% of trades were executed in these giant blocks.The ballooning interest is evidence that U.S.-style block trading of shares is ""becoming truly mainstream"" among European institutional investors, according to Robert Barnes, global head of primary markets at LSE Group.The LSEG is one of a handful of European exchanges trying to grab a slice of the action, having seen dark pools - traditionally run by investment banks or specialised platforms - siphon off growing trading volumes from their industry.Pan-European exchange operator Euronext told Reuters it was preparing to launch its own business - Euronext Block - in coming months.Block trades are so big - EU regulators stipulate at least 650,000 euros ($795,000) for large-cap stocks - they are, in practice, too costly for investors to make on mainstream exchanges where they can move the market and take a big hit on price.Such ""off-exchange"" deals accounted for 4.2% of overall EU monthly trading volumes in February, up from 1.5% in January 2017, according to investment bank and research firm Rosenblatt Securities. Over that period, block trades in the more mature U.S. market eased from 9.6% to 6.7%.Thus business is brisk for dark pools, which match buyers and sellers away from wider market and regulatory scrutiny.Story continuesGoldman Sachs told Reuters its European block-trading volumes in the first quarter of 2021 had already surpassed full-year levels for 2020, which itself had doubled from 2019. It declined to disclose volumes. Another top U.S. bank confirmed similar rates of European growth on condition of anonymity.Among other leading venues, more than $7 billion worth of shares were traded on CBOE's European block-trading platform in April, and more than $10 billion at Liquidnet, according to data from broker and analytics firm Instinet.Jason Lenzo, head of trading at London-based Russell Investments, said if block-trading volumes continued to rise, investors had to adapt. Russell has increased its share of block trades from 30% of all trade volumes a couple of years ago to the ""mid-30s"" now, he added.""If there is more block trading, then you certainly need to shift your trading strategy,"" he said. ""You want to be in the market where the liquidity is focused.""LSE AND EURONEXTThe shift towards the dark has alarmed some mainstream European stock exchanges, which are lobbying for tighter controls on such rival venues, saying they hinder transparency.Prices of deals on dark pools are only shared with the wider - or ""lit"" - market after the trade takes place, unlike on exchange where it is displayed until it's executed.Germany's Deutsche Boerse said dark pools trading could have a negative impact on price discovery, when it came to smaller-sized orders, and that this would eventually push up trading costs for issuers and investors.""Trading in the dark should be limited in order not to harm price formation in the long run,"" said Sandra Vincent, head of market structure and regulation at Deutsche Boerse Cash Market.EU regulators are concerned too. With MiFID II in 2018, they ruled that only 8% of a stock's average trading volume can be transacted via dark pools and set minimum limits for the size of each trade that can preclude all but the biggest fish.Yet the LSE's dark pool has become an important source of earnings since Britain's decoupling from the EU and its rules.Trading on Turquoise, a trading venue majority-owned by the LSE, doubled to around 241 billion euros last year compared with 2015, when the exchange started reporting full-year volumes for the unit. Over the same period, volumes on the LSE's main bourse declined 18% to 1.4 trillion euros.The block-trading business received a fillip in December when regulators in Britain, now competing with the continent for investment money, said international investors would be allowed to trade near-unlimited amounts of shares in the country.Euronext told Reuters it was taking a different tack. Rather than compete with existing players more focused on large-cap stocks, it said it was going to launch a block-trading venue for small and mid-caps, which it described as ""underserved and neglected"" in European trading as a whole.""In the next few months, I can't give a date yet, we're just onboarding offer to customers, we're going to be launching something called Euronext Block,"" said Simon Gallagher, head of cash equities and derivatives at Euronext.""In the midcaps, it could be 10,000-euro order sizes, which is equivalent to a blue-chip trade in the lit market.""BLOCKBUSTER SAVINGS?The cost savings offered by block trades are a big draw for the European investment industry, where many are already facing higher regulatory scrutiny over client fees.A block trade would have saved an investor nearly 90% of the transaction cost they would otherwise incur, according to an analysis at the end of 2020 by trading platform Instinet, which runs a European dark pool called Blockmatch. It defines transaction cost as ""the price achieved for an order vs the price available at the time you decided to make a trade or more importantly vs the expected cost"".Danny Mallinson, head of EMEA execution services at Goldman Sachs, said costs savings made block trading increasingly attractive for investors.""In the last 12 to 18 months, we have been living in a market environment where the cost of trading has gone up as spreads have widened,"" he added.With trading concentrated at the start and end of each day, increasingly thin-volume markets make transactions expensive and almost impossible to hide. Bid and offer prices are often far apart, meaning even medium-sized trades can move markets.""Some of those spreads can be 20 basis points wide or some can be as much as 500 bps wide,"" said Lenzo at Russell Investments.ARCHEGOS SCANDALIn the United States, block trades have been part of the investment scene for the best part of two decades. Many exchanges operate a dual strategy, with separate platforms focused on retail and institutional investors.These platforms usually co-exist peacefully as institutional clients trade with their peers without worrying about information leakage, while the retail investor can trade tiny chunks without worrying about large orders swamping the market.Problems can arise when these markets collide, though, as happened this year when the implosion of Archegos Capital led to institutional investors dumping large amounts of shares via dark pools. The news leaked, fuelling a selloff across the broader mainstream market, and led to some retail investors questioning why big players were party to sensitive information first.U.S. regulators are not stepping up scrutiny of dark pools directly, but are looking into the relationship between investment banks and hedge funds.Ben Stephens, global head of product management at Instinet, said the advantages of block trading, particularly electronic midpoint blocks and guaranteed prices from dealers, meant the practice was here to stay in Europe.""The opportunity cost of not trading a block vs trading in the lit market is so high that it means asset managers will continue to choose to execute blocks electronically where they can,"" he added.($1 = 0.8175 euros)(Additional reporting by Huw Jones in LONDON; Editing by Sujata Rao and Pravin Char)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.13,0.69,True,English,"['Reuters', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Pfizer', 'LSE Group', 'LSEG', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Euronext Block', 'EU', 'EU', 'Rosenblatt Securities', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Reuters', 'CBOE', 'Liquidnet', 'Instinet', 'Russell Investments', 'Russell', 'LSE', 'EURONEXT', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Boerse Cash Market', 'EU', 'LSE', 'EU', 'Turquoise', 'LSE', 'LSE', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Euronext Block']","['European stock traders', 'blockbuster bets', 'dark', 'U.S.-style block trading', 'overall EU monthly trading volumes', 'top U.S. bank', 'first COVID-19 vaccine developer', 'mature U.S. market', 'Deutsche Boerse Cash Market', 'mainstream European stock exchanges', 'exclusive poker game', 'average trading volume', 'other leading venues', 'European block-trading platform', 'Pan-European exchange operator', 'Such ""off-exchange"" deals', 'London-based Russell Investments', 'growing trading volumes', 'European block-trading volumes', 'European institutional investors', 'London Stock Exchange', 'dark pools trading', 'Turquoise shares platform', 'mainstream exchanges', 'European exchanges', 'European trading', 'investment bank', 'first quarter', 'European growth', 'trading strategy', 'trading costs', 'trading venue', 'rival venues', 'full-year volumes', 'EU regulators', 'market structure', 'block trades', 'Saikat Chatterjee', 'Thyagaraju Adinarayan', 'minimum bet', 'stock-trading version', 'major money', 'Brexit vote', 'momentous day', 'effective shot', 'giant blocks', 'ballooning interest', 'Robert Barnes', 'The LSEG', 'specialised platforms', 'large-cap stocks', 'big hit', 'research firm', 'Rosenblatt Securities', 'regulatory scrutiny', 'Goldman Sachs', 'full-year levels', 'similar rates', '$7 billion worth', 'analytics firm', 'Jason Lenzo', 'tighter controls', 'negative impact', 'smaller-sized orders', 'long run', 'Sandra Vincent', 'MiFID II', 'minimum limits', 'biggest fish', 'important source', 'main bourse', 'investment money', 'near-unlimited amounts', 'different tack', 'existing players', 'Simon Gallagher', 'Euronext Block', 'block-trading business', 'trade volumes', 'price discovery', 'price formation', '241 billion euros', '1.4 trillion euros', 'wider market', 'international investors', 'blockbuster trades', 'primary markets', 'coming months', 'same period', 'global head', 'LSE Group', '650,000 euros', 'Reuters', 'rise', 'June', 'mega-bets', 'four', 'Nov.', 'Pfizer', 'evidence', 'handful', 'slice', 'action', 'industry', 'practice', 'February', 'January', 'buyers', 'sellers', 'Story', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'CBOE', 'April', 'Liquidnet', 'data', 'broker', 'Instinet', 'mid-30s', 'liquidity', 'shift', 'transparency', 'Prices', 'place', 'Germany', 'issuers', 'regulation', 'earnings', 'Britain', 'decoupling', 'rules', 'unit', 'fillip', 'December', 'continent', 'country', 'mid-caps', 'date', 'offer', 'customers', 'something']",2021-06-03,news.yahoo.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/european-stock-traders-place-blockbuster-050727018.html,European stock traders place their blockbuster bets in the dark,"The stock-trading version, ""dark pools"" that host blockbuster trades, are pulling in major money in Europe.Thus business is brisk for dark pools, which match buyers and sellers away from wider market and regulatory scrutiny.""If there is more block trading, then you certainly need to shift your trading strategy,"" he said.ARCHEGOS SCANDALIn the United States, block trades have been part of the investment scene for the best part of two decades.U.S. regulators are not stepping up scrutiny of dark pools directly, but are looking into the relationship between investment banks and hedge funds.","FILE PHOTO: A trading screen is seen following the opening of the markets by British Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond and Chinese Vice-Premier Hu Chunhua at the London Stock Exchange in LondonBy Saikat Chatterjee and Thyagaraju AdinarayanLONDON (Reuters) - Think of an exclusive poker game where the minimum bet is close to $1 million. The stock-trading version, ""dark pools"" that host blockbuster trades, are pulling in major money in Europe.Their rise has been swift.On June 24, 2016 - the day after the Brexit vote - just 3% of trades on the London Stock Exchange's Turquoise shares platform were carried out in its dark pool via so-called block trades, mega-bets of around $800,000 or more.Fast forward about four years to Nov. 9, 2020 - another momentous day for markets, when Pfizer was the first COVID-19 vaccine developer to announce it had produced an effective shot - and 58% of trades were executed in these giant blocks.The ballooning interest is evidence that U.S.-style block trading of shares is ""becoming truly mainstream"" among European institutional investors, according to Robert Barnes, global head of primary markets at LSE Group.The LSEG is one of a handful of European exchanges trying to grab a slice of the action, having seen dark pools - traditionally run by investment banks or specialised platforms - siphon off growing trading volumes from their industry.Pan-European exchange operator Euronext told Reuters it was preparing to launch its own business - Euronext Block - in coming months.Block trades are so big - EU regulators stipulate at least 650,000 euros ($795,000) for large-cap stocks - they are, in practice, too costly for investors to make on mainstream exchanges where they can move the market and take a big hit on price.Such ""off-exchange"" deals accounted for 4.2% of overall EU monthly trading volumes in February, up from 1.5% in January 2017, according to investment bank and research firm Rosenblatt Securities. Over that period, block trades in the more mature U.S. market eased from 9.6% to 6.7%.Thus business is brisk for dark pools, which match buyers and sellers away from wider market and regulatory scrutiny.Story continuesGoldman Sachs told Reuters its European block-trading volumes in the first quarter of 2021 had already surpassed full-year levels for 2020, which itself had doubled from 2019. It declined to disclose volumes. Another top U.S. bank confirmed similar rates of European growth on condition of anonymity.Among other leading venues, more than $7 billion worth of shares were traded on CBOE's European block-trading platform in April, and more than $10 billion at Liquidnet, according to data from broker and analytics firm Instinet.Jason Lenzo, head of trading at London-based Russell Investments, said if block-trading volumes continued to rise, investors had to adapt. Russell has increased its share of block trades from 30% of all trade volumes a couple of years ago to the ""mid-30s"" now, he added.""If there is more block trading, then you certainly need to shift your trading strategy,"" he said. ""You want to be in the market where the liquidity is focused.""LSE AND EURONEXTThe shift towards the dark has alarmed some mainstream European stock exchanges, which are lobbying for tighter controls on such rival venues, saying they hinder transparency.Prices of deals on dark pools are only shared with the wider - or ""lit"" - market after the trade takes place, unlike on exchange where it is displayed until it's executed.Germany's Deutsche Boerse said dark pools trading could have a negative impact on price discovery, when it came to smaller-sized orders, and that this would eventually push up trading costs for issuers and investors.""Trading in the dark should be limited in order not to harm price formation in the long run,"" said Sandra Vincent, head of market structure and regulation at Deutsche Boerse Cash Market.EU regulators are concerned too. With MiFID II in 2018, they ruled that only 8% of a stock's average trading volume can be transacted via dark pools and set minimum limits for the size of each trade that can preclude all but the biggest fish.Yet the LSE's dark pool has become an important source of earnings since Britain's decoupling from the EU and its rules.Trading on Turquoise, a trading venue majority-owned by the LSE, doubled to around 241 billion euros last year compared with 2015, when the exchange started reporting full-year volumes for the unit. Over the same period, volumes on the LSE's main bourse declined 18% to 1.4 trillion euros.The block-trading business received a fillip in December when regulators in Britain, now competing with the continent for investment money, said international investors would be allowed to trade near-unlimited amounts of shares in the country.Euronext told Reuters it was taking a different tack. Rather than compete with existing players more focused on large-cap stocks, it said it was going to launch a block-trading venue for small and mid-caps, which it described as ""underserved and neglected"" in European trading as a whole.""In the next few months, I can't give a date yet, we're just onboarding offer to customers, we're going to be launching something called Euronext Block,"" said Simon Gallagher, head of cash equities and derivatives at Euronext.""In the midcaps, it could be 10,000-euro order sizes, which is equivalent to a blue-chip trade in the lit market.""BLOCKBUSTER SAVINGS?The cost savings offered by block trades are a big draw for the European investment industry, where many are already facing higher regulatory scrutiny over client fees.A block trade would have saved an investor nearly 90% of the transaction cost they would otherwise incur, according to an analysis at the end of 2020 by trading platform Instinet, which runs a European dark pool called Blockmatch. It defines transaction cost as ""the price achieved for an order vs the price available at the time you decided to make a trade or more importantly vs the expected cost"".Danny Mallinson, head of EMEA execution services at Goldman Sachs, said costs savings made block trading increasingly attractive for investors.""In the last 12 to 18 months, we have been living in a market environment where the cost of trading has gone up as spreads have widened,"" he added.With trading concentrated at the start and end of each day, increasingly thin-volume markets make transactions expensive and almost impossible to hide. Bid and offer prices are often far apart, meaning even medium-sized trades can move markets.""Some of those spreads can be 20 basis points wide or some can be as much as 500 bps wide,"" said Lenzo at Russell Investments.ARCHEGOS SCANDALIn the United States, block trades have been part of the investment scene for the best part of two decades. Many exchanges operate a dual strategy, with separate platforms focused on retail and institutional investors.These platforms usually co-exist peacefully as institutional clients trade with their peers without worrying about information leakage, while the retail investor can trade tiny chunks without worrying about large orders swamping the market.Problems can arise when these markets collide, though, as happened this year when the implosion of Archegos Capital led to institutional investors dumping large amounts of shares via dark pools. The news leaked, fuelling a selloff across the broader mainstream market, and led to some retail investors questioning why big players were party to sensitive information first.U.S. regulators are not stepping up scrutiny of dark pools directly, but are looking into the relationship between investment banks and hedge funds.Ben Stephens, global head of product management at Instinet, said the advantages of block trading, particularly electronic midpoint blocks and guaranteed prices from dealers, meant the practice was here to stay in Europe.""The opportunity cost of not trading a block vs trading in the lit market is so high that it means asset managers will continue to choose to execute blocks electronically where they can,"" he added.($1 = 0.8175 euros)(Additional reporting by Huw Jones in LONDON; Editing by Sujata Rao and Pravin Char)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.13,0.69,True,English,"['Reuters', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Pfizer', 'LSE Group', 'LSEG', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Euronext Block', 'EU', 'EU', 'Rosenblatt Securities', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Reuters', 'CBOE', 'Liquidnet', 'Instinet', 'Russell Investments', 'Russell', 'LSE', 'EURONEXT', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Boerse Cash Market', 'EU', 'LSE', 'EU', 'Turquoise', 'LSE', 'LSE', 'Euronext', 'Reuters']","['European stock traders', 'blockbuster bets', 'dark', 'U.S.-style block trading', 'overall EU monthly trading volumes', 'Chinese Vice-Premier Hu Chunhua', 'top U.S. bank', 'first COVID-19 vaccine developer', 'mature U.S. market', 'Deutsche Boerse Cash Market', 'mainstream European stock exchanges', 'Exchequer Philip Hammond', 'exclusive poker game', 'average trading volume', 'other leading venues', 'European block-trading platform', 'Pan-European exchange operator', 'Such ""off-exchange"" deals', 'London-based Russell Investments', 'growing trading volumes', 'European block-trading volumes', 'European institutional investors', 'London Stock Exchange', 'dark pools trading', 'Turquoise shares platform', 'mainstream exchanges', 'European exchanges', 'investment bank', 'first quarter', 'European growth', 'trading screen', 'trading strategy', 'trading costs', 'trading venue', 'rival venues', 'full-year volumes', 'EU regulators', 'market structure', 'block trades', 'FILE PHOTO', 'British Chancellor', 'Saikat Chatterjee', 'Thyagaraju Adinarayan', 'minimum bet', 'stock-trading version', 'major money', 'Brexit vote', 'momentous day', 'effective shot', 'giant blocks', 'ballooning interest', 'Robert Barnes', 'The LSEG', 'specialised platforms', 'coming months', 'large-cap stocks', 'big hit', 'research firm', 'Rosenblatt Securities', 'regulatory scrutiny', 'Goldman Sachs', 'full-year levels', 'similar rates', '$7 billion worth', 'analytics firm', 'Jason Lenzo', 'tighter controls', 'negative impact', 'smaller-sized orders', 'long run', 'Sandra Vincent', 'MiFID II', 'minimum limits', 'biggest fish', 'important source', 'main bourse', 'investment money', 'near-unlimited amounts', 'different tack', 'existing players', 'Euronext Block', 'block-trading business', 'trade volumes', 'price discovery', 'price formation', '241 billion euros', '1.4 trillion euros', 'wider market', 'international investors', 'blockbuster trades', 'same period', 'global head', 'primary markets', 'LSE Group', '650,000 euros', 'opening', 'Reuters', 'rise', 'June', 'mega-bets', 'four', 'Nov.', 'Pfizer', 'evidence', 'handful', 'slice', 'action', 'industry', 'practice', 'February', 'January', 'buyers', 'sellers', 'Story', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'CBOE', 'April', 'Liquidnet', 'data', 'broker', 'Instinet', 'mid-30s', 'liquidity', 'shift', 'transparency', 'Prices', 'place', 'Germany', 'issuers', 'regulation', 'earnings', 'Britain', 'decoupling', 'rules', 'unit', 'fillip', 'December', 'continent', 'country', 'mid-caps']",2021-06-03,finance.yahoo.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/21shares-launch-uk-bitcoin-etp-063000519.html,21Shares To Launch UK Bitcoin ETP On Aquis Exchange With GHCO,"The ETP has been designed to provide institutional UK investors with secure and cost-effective exposure to Bitcoin without the associated Bitcoin custody and security challenges.One unit of 21Shares Bitcoin ETP represents exposure to roughly 0.00035 Bitcoin entitlement.ISIN : CH0454664001 - ABTC - 21Shares Bitcoin ETP (man.Investors can invest in cryptocurrencies using a conventional ETP structure (or tracker) easily, with total confidence and security and cost-effectively thanks to the 21Shares suite of ETPs now composed of 14 Crypto ETPs : the 21Shares Crypto Basket Index ETP (HODL:SW), 21Shares Bitcoin (ABTC:SW | 21XB:GY), 21Shares Ethereum (AETH:SW), 21Shares XRP (AXRP:SW | 21XX:GR), 21Shares Bitcoin Cash ETP (ABCH:SW), 21Shares Binance ETP (ABNB:SW), 21Shares Tezos ETP (AXTZ:SW), 21shares Bitcoin Suisse ETP (ABBA:SW), 21Shares Bitwise 10 ETP (KEYS:SW), Sygnum Platform Winners Index ETP (MOON:SW), 21Shares Short Bitcoin ETP (SBTC:SW | 21XS:GY), 21Shares Polkadot ETP (ADOT:SW | PDOT:GR), 21Shares Stellar ETP (AXLM SW | XLME GR) and 21Shares Cardano ETP (AADA SW | DADA GR).For more information, please visit: www.ghco.co.ukAbout Aquis ExchangeAquis Exchange PLC is an exchange services group, which operates pan-European cash equities trading businesses (Aquis Exchange), growth and regulated primary markets (Aquis Stock Exchange/AQSE) and develops/licenses exchange software to third parties (Aquis Technologies).","UK launch to follow recent successful debut on Euronext Paris and AmsterdamLondon | Zurich - 7 June 2021 - 21Shares, the Swiss pioneering Crypto ETP issuer, today announced that one of the first cryptocurrency exchange traded products (‘ETPs’) will become available to institutional investors in the UK to trade on Aquis Exchange. This arrangement is in partnership with GHCO, a leading market-maker and liquidity provider specialising in ETFs.The 21Shares Bitcoin ETP (ABTC) will become available on Aquis Exchange, a pan-European MTF business based in London and Paris which offers trading in some of the biggest and most liquid stocks across 15 European markets. The ETP will be centrally cleared (CCP) and is engineered like an ETF. ETPs trade on exchanges in a similar manner to a listed stock and institutional investors in the UK will get exposure to Bitcoin via a regulated framework and structure which they are already accustomed to.The ETP has been designed to provide institutional UK investors with secure and cost-effective exposure to Bitcoin without the associated Bitcoin custody and security challenges. One unit of 21Shares Bitcoin ETP represents exposure to roughly 0.00035 Bitcoin entitlement.GHCO, an Authorised Participant (AP) for the 21Shares product, will act as the liquidity provider for the Bitcoin ETP, meaning that institutional investors will have access to ample liquidity as easily as the underlying asset. GHCO has been actively trading ETFs and recently started quoting crypto ETPs. It has an unrivalled track record in quoting the tightest spreads, a key demand for institutional investors.21Shares is the largest cryptocurrency ETP issuer in the world, with over $1.5bn in AUM across 14 ETPs available on several European stock exchanges. The UK launch follows over two years of successful testing and launching of cryptocurrency ETPs by 21Shares for institutional investors in Germany, Switzerland, France, Austria and the Netherlands.Story continues21Shares and Aquis Exchange plan to cooperate on bringing more of 21Shares’ suite of institutional cryptocurrency products to institutional investors in the UK, including ETPs in other prominent cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum, Ripple, Tezos, Polkadot, Cardano and Stellar.Hany Rashwan, CEO of 21Shares said: “This is the right time to bring our successful crypto ETP to the institutional UK market. Our strong track record and existing institutional reach across continental Europe means that investors can confidently gain exposure to Bitcoin via a liquid and conventional investment product.”Dan Izzo, CEO of GHCO, added: “ETPs are a key development for investing in crypto assets as it matures as an asset class. We expect more demand for this reliable, easily-accessible infrastructure with deep pools of liquidity – liquidity that we are happy to facilitate.”Alasdair Haynes, CEO of Aquis Exchange concluded: “We have been working alongside 21Shares on this project as we are keen to respond to institutional demand in the UK for digital assets.”21Shares Bitcoin ETP will be available on Aquis Exchange for professional investors only. The forthcoming UK launch is expected to take place this summer and follows recent successful debuts on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam on 1st June.ISIN : CH0454664001 - ABTC - 21Shares Bitcoin ETP (man. fees 1.49%) in USD & GBPAbout 21Shares21Shares makes investing in crypto assets as easy as buying shares using your conventional broker or bank. Investors can invest in cryptocurrencies using a conventional ETP structure (or tracker) easily, with total confidence and security and cost-effectively thanks to the 21Shares suite of ETPs now composed of 14 Crypto ETPs : the 21Shares Crypto Basket Index ETP (HODL:SW), 21Shares Bitcoin (ABTC:SW | 21XB:GY), 21Shares Ethereum (AETH:SW), 21Shares XRP (AXRP:SW | 21XX:GR), 21Shares Bitcoin Cash ETP (ABCH:SW), 21Shares Binance ETP (ABNB:SW), 21Shares Tezos ETP (AXTZ:SW), 21shares Bitcoin Suisse ETP (ABBA:SW), 21Shares Bitwise 10 ETP (KEYS:SW), Sygnum Platform Winners Index ETP (MOON:SW), 21Shares Short Bitcoin ETP (SBTC:SW | 21XS:GY), 21Shares Polkadot ETP (ADOT:SW | PDOT:GR), 21Shares Stellar ETP (AXLM SW | XLME GR) and 21Shares Cardano ETP (AADA SW | DADA GR). The entire suite is listed on a regulated framework on the official market of Deutsche Boerse, SIX Swiss Exchange, BX Swiss and some on Börse Stuttgart in CHF, USD, GBP and EUR respectively. Founded in 2018, 21Shares is led by a team of talented serial entrepreneurs and experienced banking professionals from the technology and financial world. Incorporated in Zug, with offices in Zurich and New York, the company has launched several world firsts, including the first listed crypto basket index (HODL) ETP in November 2018. 21Shares has 14 crypto ETPs listed today and has over $1.5 Bn in AuM in total listed products.About GHCOGHCO is one of the fastest-growing liquidity providers specialising in exchange traded funds. It strives to make ETFs accessible in every market worldwide with a focus on intelligent algorithmic trading, tight spreads, reliable presence and the expertise to price a wide range of products.With offices in the UK and US, GHCO is a market maker on and off all major European exchanges. Throughout a single trading day, GHCO quotes thousands of products and helps asset managers to bring even the most niche and esoteric products to market.For more information, please visit: www.ghco.co.ukAbout Aquis ExchangeAquis Exchange PLC is an exchange services group, which operates pan-European cash equities trading businesses (Aquis Exchange), growth and regulated primary markets (Aquis Stock Exchange/AQSE) and develops/licenses exchange software to third parties (Aquis Technologies).Aquis Exchange is authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and France's Autorité des Marchés Financiers to operate Multilateral Trading Facility businesses in the UK and in EU27 respectively. Aquis operates a lit order book and does not allow aggressive non-client proprietary trading, which has resulted in lower toxicity and signalling risk on Aquis than other trading venues in Europe. According to independent studies, trades on Aquis are less likely to lead to price movement than on other lit markets. Aquis uses a subscription pricing model which works by charging users according to the message traffic they generate, rather than a percentage of the value of each stock that they trade.Press ContactLaurent Kssis +41 44 260 8660 press21Shares.comBelinda Keheyan +44 7768 078 110 bkeheyanaquis.euFreddie Barber +44 7825 197 570 fbarbermaitland.co.ukDisclaimerThis document and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into (directly or indirectly) the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan or any other jurisdiction in which the distribution or release would be unlawful. This document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in or into the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan. This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities in the United States. The securities of 21Shares AG to which these materials relate have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ""Securities Act""), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will not be a public offering of securities in the United States.This document is only being distributed to and is only directed at: (i) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order""); or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""); or (iv) persons who fall within Article 43(2) of the Order, including existing members and creditors of the Company or (v) any other persons to whom this document can be lawfully distributed in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply. The Securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. In any EEA Member State (other than the Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden) that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State, the ""Prospectus Regulation"") this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Exclusively for potential investors in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) is made available on the Issuer’s website under www.21Shares.com. The approval of the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) should not be understood as an endorsement by the SFSA of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. Eligible potential investors should read the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) and the relevant Final Terms before making an investment decision in order to understand the potential risks associated with the decision to invest in the securities. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand. This document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of 21Shares AG. Neither this document nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction. This document constitutes advertisement within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act and not a prospectus. Copies of the current Base Prospectus dated 13 November 2020 are available free of charge from the website of the Issuer. Subject to applicable securities laws, the Base Prospectus and the final terms of any product mentioned herein can be obtained from 21Shares AG on the website. Copies of this document may not be sent to jurisdictions, or distributed in or sent from jurisdictions, in which this is barred or prohibited by law. The information contained herein does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any jurisdiction.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['GHCO', 'Euronext Paris', '21Shares', 'GHCO', 'Aquis Exchange', 'ETP', 'GHCO', '21Shares', 'GHCO', '21Shares', '21Shares', '21Shares', 'Aquis Exchange', '21Shares', 'Ethereum', 'Polkadot', 'Cardano', 'Stellar', '21Shares', 'GHCO', 'Aquis Exchange', '21Shares', '21Shares', 'Binance', 'Tezos', '21Shares', 'Polkadot', '21Shares', 'AXLM SW', 'XLME GR', '21Shares Cardano ETP', 'AADA SW', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'BX Swiss', 'Börse Stuttgart', '21Shares', '21Shares', 'GHCO', 'GHCO']","['Bitcoin ETP', 'Aquis Exchange', '21Shares', 'UK', 'GHCO', 'Sygnum Platform Winners Index ETP', 'first listed crypto basket index', '21Shares Crypto Basket Index ETP', 'pioneering Crypto ETP issuer', 'largest cryptocurrency ETP issuer', '21Shares Bitcoin Cash ETP', '21shares Bitcoin Suisse ETP', '21Shares Short Bitcoin ETP', 'several European stock exchanges', 'first cryptocurrency exchange', 'pan-European MTF business', 'unrivalled track record', 'strong track record', 'reliable, easily-accessible infrastructure', 'talented serial entrepreneurs', 'experienced banking professionals', 'successful crypto ETP', 'recent successful debut', 'several world firsts', '21Shares Binance ETP', '21Shares Bitwise 10 ETP', 'exchange traded funds', 'conventional investment product', 'other prominent cryptocurrencies', 'existing institutional reach', 'intelligent algorithmic trading', '21Shares Bitcoin ETP', 'conventional ETP structure', 'growing liquidity providers', '21Shares Tezos ETP', '21Shares Polkadot ETP', '21Shares Stellar ETP', '21Shares Cardano ETP', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'forthcoming UK launch', 'institutional cryptocurrency products', '15 European markets', 'crypto assets', 'The ETP', '21Shares product', 'successful testing', 'conventional broker', 'Bitcoin custody', '0.00035 Bitcoin entitlement', 'crypto ETPs', 'cryptocurrency ETPs', 'Aquis Exchange', '21Shares’ suite', '21Shares suite', '21Shares XRP', 'leading market-maker', 'similar manner', 'One unit', 'Authorised Participant', 'underlying asset', 'tightest spreads', 'two years', 'Hany Rashwan', 'right time', 'continental Europe', 'Dan Izzo', 'key development', 'asset class', 'deep pools', 'Alasdair Haynes', 'digital assets', 'entire suite', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'BX Swiss', 'Börse', 'financial world', 'New York', 'ample liquidity', 'institutional investors', 'professional investors', '21Shares Ethereum', 'Euronext Paris', 'key demand', 'institutional demand', 'official market', 'liquid stocks', 'security challenges', '1st June', 'total confidence', 'XLME GR', 'DADA GR', 'UK investors', 'UK market', 'cost-effective exposure', 'AXLM SW', 'AADA SW', 'regulated framework', 'ABTC:SW', '7 June', '14 ETPs', 'Amsterdam', 'London', 'Zurich', 'arrangement', 'partnership', 'GHCO', 'ETFs', 'biggest', 'CCP', 'secure', 'AP', 'AUM', 'launching', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'France', 'Austria', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'Ripple', 'CEO', 'project', 'place', 'ISIN', 'CH0454664001', 'fees', 'USD', 'GBP', 'HODL', '21XB', 'GY', 'AETH', 'AXRP', '21XX', 'ABCH', 'ABNB', 'AXTZ', 'ABBA', 'KEYS', 'MOON', '21XS', 'PDOT', 'Stuttgart', 'CHF', 'team', 'Zug', 'offices', 'company', 'November', 'focus']",2021-06-07,finance.yahoo.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/stocks/news/european-stock-traders-place-their-blockbuster-bets-in-the-dark/articleshow/83199201.cms,European stock traders place their blockbuster bets in the dark,"Over that period, block trades in the more mature U.S. market eased from 9.6% to 6.7%.Thus business is brisk for dark pools, which match buyers and sellers away from wider market and regulatory scrutiny.Goldman Sachs told Reuters its European block-trading volumes in the first quarter of 2021 had already surpassed full-year levels for 2020, which itself had doubled from 2019.Russell has increased its share of block trades from 30% of all trade volumes a couple of years ago to the ""mid-30s"" now, he added.""If there is more block trading, then you certainly need to shift your trading strategy,"" he said.Rather than compete with existing players more focused on large-cap stocks, it said it was going to launch a block-trading venue for small and mid-caps, which it described as ""underserved and neglected"" in European trading as a whole.","LONDON: Think of an exclusive poker game where the minimum bet is close to $1 million. The stock-trading version, "" dark pools "" that host blockbuster trades, are pulling in major money in Europe.Their rise has been swift.On June 24, 2016 - the day after the Brexit vote - just 3% of trades on the London Stock Exchange 's Turquoise shares platform were carried out in its dark pool via so-called block trades, mega-bets of around $800,000 or more.Fast forward about four years to Nov. 9, 2020 - another momentous day for markets, when Pfizer was the first COVID-19 vaccine developer to announce it had produced an effective shot - and 58% of trades were executed in these giant blocks.The ballooning interest is evidence that U.S.-style block trading of shares is ""becoming truly mainstream"" among European institutional investors , according to Robert Barnes, global head of primary markets at LSE Group.The LSEG is one of a handful of European exchanges trying to grab a slice of the action, having seen dark pools - traditionally run by investment banks or specialised platforms - siphon off growing trading volumes from their industry.Pan-European exchange operator Euronext told Reuters it was preparing to launch its own business - Euronext Block - in coming months.Block trades are so big - EU regulators stipulate at least 650,000 euros ($795,000) for large-cap stocks - they are, in practice, too costly for investors to make on mainstream exchanges where they can move the market and take a big hit on price.Such ""off-exchange"" deals accounted for 4.2% of overall EU monthly trading volumes in February, up from 1.5% in January 2017, according to investment bank and research firm Rosenblatt Securities. Over that period, block trades in the more mature U.S. market eased from 9.6% to 6.7%.Thus business is brisk for dark pools, which match buyers and sellers away from wider market and regulatory scrutiny. Goldman Sachs told Reuters its European block-trading volumes in the first quarter of 2021 had already surpassed full-year levels for 2020, which itself had doubled from 2019. It declined to disclose volumes. Another top U.S. bank confirmed similar rates of European growth on condition of anonymity.Among other leading venues, more than $7 billion worth of shares were traded on CBOE's European block-trading platform in April, and more than $10 billion at Liquidnet, according to data from broker and analytics firm Instinet.Jason Lenzo, head of trading at London-based Russell Investments, said if block-trading volumes continued to rise, investors had to adapt. Russell has increased its share of block trades from 30% of all trade volumes a couple of years ago to the ""mid-30s"" now, he added.""If there is more block trading, then you certainly need to shift your trading strategy,"" he said. ""You want to be in the market where the liquidity is focused.""LSE AND EURONEXTThe shift towards the dark has alarmed some mainstream European stock exchanges, which are lobbying for tighter controls on such rival venues, saying they hinder transparency.Prices of deals on dark pools are only shared with the wider - or ""lit"" - market after the trade takes place, unlike on exchange where it is displayed until it's executed.Germany's Deutsche Boerse said dark pools trading could have a negative impact on price discovery, when it came to smaller-sized orders, and that this would eventually push up trading costs for issuers and investors.""Trading in the dark should be limited in order not to harm price formation in the long run,"" said Sandra Vincent, head of market structure and regulation at Deutsche Boerse Cash Market.EU regulators are concerned too. With MiFID II in 2018, they ruled that only 8% of a stock's average trading volume can be transacted via dark pools and set minimum limits for the size of each trade that can preclude all but the biggest fish.Yet the LSE's dark pool has become an important source of earnings since Britain's decoupling from the EU and its rules.Trading on Turquoise, a trading venue majority-owned by the LSE, doubled to around 241 billion euros last year compared with 2015, when the exchange started reporting full-year volumes for the unit. Over the same period, volumes on the LSE's main bourse declined 18% to 1.4 trillion euros.The block-trading business received a fillip in December when regulators in Britain, now competing with the continent for investment money, said international investors would be allowed to trade near-unlimited amounts of shares in the country.Euronext told Reuters it was taking a different tack. Rather than compete with existing players more focused on large-cap stocks, it said it was going to launch a block-trading venue for small and mid-caps, which it described as ""underserved and neglected"" in European trading as a whole.""In the next few months, I can't give a date yet, we're just onboarding offer to customers, we're going to be launching something called Euronext Block,"" said Simon Gallagher, head of cash equities and derivatives at Euronext.""In the midcaps, it could be 10,000-euro order sizes, which is equivalent to a blue-chip trade in the lit market.""BLOCKBUSTER SAVINGS?The cost savings offered by block trades are a big draw for the European investment industry, where many are already facing higher regulatory scrutiny over client fees.A block trade would have saved an investor nearly 90% of the transaction cost they would otherwise incur, according to an analysis at the end of 2020 by trading platform Instinet, which runs a European dark pool called Blockmatch. It defines transaction cost as ""the price achieved for an order vs the price available at the time you decided to make a trade or more importantly vs the expected cost"".Danny Mallinson, head of EMEA execution services at Goldman Sachs, said costs savings made block trading increasingly attractive for investors.""In the last 12 to 18 months, we have been living in a market environment where the cost of trading has gone up as spreads have widened,"" he added.With trading concentrated at the start and end of each day, increasingly thin-volume markets make transactions expensive and almost impossible to hide. Bid and offer prices are often far apart, meaning even medium-sized trades can move markets.""Some of those spreads can be 20 basis points wide or some can be as much as 500 bps wide,"" said Lenzo at Russell Investments.ARCHEGOS SCANDALIn the United States, block trades have been part of the investment scene for the best part of two decades. Many exchanges operate a dual strategy, with separate platforms focused on retail and institutional investors.These platforms usually co-exist peacefully as institutional clients trade with their peers without worrying about information leakage, while the retail investor can trade tiny chunks without worrying about large orders swamping the market.Problems can arise when these markets collide, though, as happened this year when the implosion of Archegos Capital led to institutional investors dumping large amounts of shares via dark pools. The news leaked, fuelling a selloff across the broader mainstream market, and led to some retail investors questioning why big players were party to sensitive information first.U.S. regulators are not stepping up scrutiny of dark pools directly, but are looking into the relationship between investment banks and hedge funds.Ben Stephens, global head of product management at Instinet, said the advantages of block trading, particularly electronic midpoint blocks and guaranteed prices from dealers, meant the practice was here to stay in Europe.""The opportunity cost of not trading a block vs trading in the lit market is so high that it means asset managers will continue to choose to execute blocks electronically where they can,"" he added.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.14,0.75,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange', 'Pfizer', 'LSE Group', 'LSEG', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Euronext Block', 'EU', 'EU', 'Rosenblatt Securities', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Reuters', 'CBOE', 'Liquidnet', 'Instinet', 'Russell Investments', 'Russell', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Boerse Cash Market', 'LSE', 'EU', 'Turquoise', 'LSE', 'LSE', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Euronext Block', 'Euronext']","['European stock traders', 'blockbuster bets', 'dark', 'U.S.-style block trading', 'overall EU monthly trading volumes', 'top U.S. bank', 'first COVID-19 vaccine developer', 'mature U.S. market', 'Deutsche Boerse Cash Market', 'mainstream European stock exchanges', 'exclusive poker game', 'average trading volume', 'other leading venues', 'European block-trading platform', 'Pan-European exchange operator', 'Such ""off-exchange"" deals', 'London-based Russell Investments', '10,000-euro order sizes', 'growing trading volumes', 'European block-trading volumes', 'European institutional investors', 'London Stock Exchange', 'dark pools trading', 'Turquoise shares platform', 'mainstream exchanges', 'European exchanges', 'European trading', 'investment bank', 'first quarter', 'cash equities', 'European growth', 'trading strategy', 'trading costs', 'trading venue', 'rival venues', 'full-year volumes', 'market structure', 'block trades', 'minimum bet', 'stock-trading version', 'major money', 'Brexit vote', 'momentous day', 'effective shot', 'giant blocks', 'ballooning interest', 'Robert Barnes', 'The LSEG', 'specialised platforms', 'large-cap stocks', 'big hit', 'research firm', 'Rosenblatt Securities', 'regulatory scrutiny', 'Goldman Sachs', 'full-year levels', 'similar rates', '$7 billion worth', 'analytics firm', 'Jason Lenzo', 'tighter controls', 'negative impact', 'smaller-sized orders', 'long run', 'Sandra Vincent', 'MiFID II', 'minimum limits', 'biggest fish', 'important source', 'main bourse', 'investment money', 'near-unlimited amounts', 'different tack', 'existing players', 'Simon Gallagher', 'Euronext Block', 'block-trading business', 'trade volumes', 'price discovery', 'price formation', '241 billion euros', '1.4 trillion euros', 'wider market', 'international investors', 'EU regulators', 'blockbuster trades', 'primary markets', 'coming months', 'same period', 'global head', 'LSE Group', '650,000 euros', 'rise', 'June', 'mega', 'bets', 'four', 'Nov.', 'Pfizer', 'evidence', 'handful', 'slice', 'action', 'industry', 'Reuters', 'practice', 'February', 'January', 'buyers', 'sellers', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'CBOE', 'April', 'Liquidnet', 'data', 'broker', 'Instinet', 'mid-30s', 'liquidity', 'EURONEXTThe', 'shift', 'transparency', 'Prices', 'place', 'Germany', 'issuers', 'regulation', 'earnings', 'Britain', 'decoupling', 'rules', 'unit', 'fillip', 'December', 'continent', 'country', 'mid-caps', 'date', 'offer', 'customers', 'something', 'derivatives', 'midcaps']",2021-06-03,economictimes.indiatimes.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://www.cityam.com/rishi-sunak-promises-to-protect-the-city-from-brussels-bid/,Rishi Sunak promises to protect the City from Brussels’ financial services bid - CityAM,"Rishi Sunak, the Chancellor, promised that the City will remain “competitive and dynamic” even in the face of Brussels’ bid to unseat it from its crown, in a private call with banks.Sunak described the financial services industry as a “crown jewel” and, according to reports, said the country will fight to protect it.The call included the Governor of the Bank of England as well as senior executives from Barclays, NatWest and other major UK banks.Financial services exports are worth £56bn, according to industry body TheCityUK, but the industry was largely excluded from the Brexit trade deal and its vital EU passporting rights have been stripped.Bankers and investors are hoping Whitehall will let them take advantage of Britain’s post-Brexit freedoms with a shake up of City rules.","Rishi Sunak, the Chancellor, promised that the City will remain “competitive and dynamic” even in the face of Brussels’ bid to unseat it from its crown, in a private call with banks.Sunak described the financial services industry as a “crown jewel” and, according to reports, said the country will fight to protect it.The call included the Governor of the Bank of England as well as senior executives from Barclays, NatWest and other major UK banks.The conversation marks the first time the Prime Minister, Chancellor and the Governor of the Bank of England have hosted a meeting of this kind with major financial services firms, where many senior figures have expressed their worries about the impact of Brexit on the industry.The competitiveness of financial services post-Brexit as well as the economic recovery of the UK following the pandemic has been top of the agenda in the Square Mile for some time, with the industry somewhat carved out of the Christmas Eve trade deal.Sunak has been looking at a host of changes to maintain the City’s attractiveness post-Brexit, and the Treasury has been scrutinising a number of finance regulations to reduce the red tape.The news comes as European Union chiefs asked banks how they can help them shift their lucrative operations out of London and into the EU.The European Commission is discussing how to shift trillions of euros in swaps contracts from the London Stock Exchange to Deutsche Boerse in Frankfurt through workshops with the industry.“How long would be needed to transfer positions or flows identified as clearable inside the Union? How could the time needed be potentially reduced?” was one of the questions in a document sent to the banks, and seen by Reuters.Financial services exports are worth £56bn, according to industry body TheCityUK, but the industry was largely excluded from the Brexit trade deal and its vital EU passporting rights have been stripped.Bankers and investors are hoping Whitehall will let them take advantage of Britain’s post-Brexit freedoms with a shake up of City rules.",neutral,0.44,0.5,0.06,negative,0.1,0.09,0.81,True,English,"['CityAM', 'Bank of England', 'Barclays', 'NatWest', 'Bank of England', 'Treasury', 'European Union', 'EU', 'European Commission', 'Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Union', 'Reuters', 'TheCityUK', 'EU', 'Whitehall']","['Brussels’ financial services bid', 'Rishi Sunak', 'City', 'Christmas Eve trade deal', 'vital EU passporting rights', 'major financial services firms', 'other major UK banks', 'The European Commission', 'Financial services exports', 'many senior figures', 'Brexit trade deal', 'European Union chiefs', 'London Stock Exchange', 'financial services industry', 'senior executives', 'Prime Minister', 'economic recovery', 'Square Mile', 'finance regulations', 'red tape', 'lucrative operations', 'swaps contracts', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'post-Brexit freedoms', 'private call', 'crown jewel', 'industry body', 'Rishi Sunak', 'first time', 'City rules', 'Chancellor', 'face', 'Brussels', 'reports', 'country', 'Governor', 'England', 'Barclays', 'NatWest', 'conversation', 'meeting', 'kind', 'worries', 'impact', 'competitiveness', 'pandemic', 'agenda', 'host', 'changes', 'attractiveness', 'Treasury', 'number', 'news', 'trillions', 'euros', 'Frankfurt', 'workshops', 'positions', 'flows', 'questions', 'document', 'Reuters', 'TheCityUK', 'Bankers', 'investors', 'Whitehall', 'advantage', 'Britain', 'shake']",2021-06-08,cityam.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://www.cityam.com/brexit-forced-relocation-of-derivatives-clearing-from-city-to-frankfurt-would-only-hurt-eu-lse-warns/,"Brexit: Forced relocation of derivatives clearing from City to Frankfurt would only hurt EU, LSE warns - CityAM","The European Commission is currently looking into how interest rate swaps positions could be moved from LSEG’s LCH clearing arm in London to the Deutsche Boerse Eurex index in Frankfurt.At present, the vast majority of the multi-billion global market is cleared on LSE’s LCH clearing arm in the City.Mandatory relocation could push euro clearing to New York, some experts fear.Illustrating the international use of the Euro, the LSE stressed that, last year, EU firms made up only 27.1 per cent of the Euro-denominated interest rate derivatives clearing volumes at LCH, with 72.9 coming from non-EU based financial services firms.For international banks wanting to do business in the EU post-Brexit, the use of blank typos would reportedly no longer be allowed.","In case the European Union does press ahead with the forced relocation of Euro derivates clearing from London to European capitals, costs for customers will jump and would ultimately put EU firms at a competitive disadvantage compared to their international rivals, according to the London Stock Exchange.“Restricting access to the EU economy and the euro would place EU firms in competitive disadvantage against their peers and would also increase risk to financial stability both in the EU and more widely,” the LSE Group said in a note to clients, issued late on Friday.The European Commission is currently looking into how interest rate swaps positions could be moved from LSEG’s LCH clearing arm in London to the Deutsche Boerse Eurex index in Frankfurt.At present, the vast majority of the multi-billion global market is cleared on LSE’s LCH clearing arm in the City.Mandatory relocation could push euro clearing to New York, some experts fear. The LSE shares that view.“LCH fully shares the concerns raised by our customers: regulatory-driven market fragmentation will not produce any significant benefits either to market participants, financial stability or to national economies,” LSE wrote.Illustrating the international use of the Euro, the LSE stressed that, last year, EU firms made up only 27.1 per cent of the Euro-denominated interest rate derivatives clearing volumes at LCH, with 72.9 coming from non-EU based financial services firms.Since the UK left the European Union, the latter has blocked firms based inside the borders of the EU, from using London derivatives platforms – pushing most into the U.S. so they can continue to trade.The European Central Bank does have the authority to demand bourses in third-party countries open a deposit account and provide Europe’s central banking authority with more oversight over the clearer’s payment flows in Euros.“”LCH Ltd is fully supportive of this requirement,” the note read.Desk mappingTwo weeks ago, the ECB said it plans to scrutinise and crack down on so-called ‘desk mapping’ – or ‘back-to-back booking’ – to determine whether banks’ key staff, capital and book trades used by EU-based clients are not based outside the bloc.The bank believes that currently, too many bank rely too heavily on their London units while serving clients across the EU, thereby escaping regulatory scrutiny and oversight, according to a Bloomberg report, citing anonymous sources to the ECB.For international banks wanting to do business in the EU post-Brexit, the use of blank typos would reportedly no longer be allowed.The primary objective is to reduce the number of EU-based clients that are solely or predominantly served by units and teams in the City and Canary Wharf.",negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,mixed,0.12,0.1,0.78,True,English,"['EU', 'LSE', 'CityAM', 'European Union', 'EU', 'London Stock Exchange', 'EU', 'EU', 'LSE Group', 'European Commission', 'LSEG', 'Deutsche Boerse Eurex', 'LSE', 'LSE', 'LCH', 'LSE', 'LSE', 'EU', 'EU', 'European Union', 'EU', 'European Central Bank', 'LCH Ltd', 'ECB', 'EU', 'Bloomberg', 'ECB']","['derivatives clearing', 'Brexit', 'relocation', 'City', 'Frankfurt', 'EU', 'LSE', 'interest rate swaps positions', 'Deutsche Boerse Eurex index', 'Euro-denominated interest rate derivatives', 'The European Central Bank', 'multi-billion global market', 'regulatory-driven market fragmentation', 'The European Commission', 'London derivatives platforms', 'central banking authority', 'London Stock Exchange', 'LCH clearing arm', 'financial services firms', 'market participants', 'European Union', 'European capitals', 'The LSE', 'financial stability', 'many bank', 'euro clearing', 'competitive disadvantage', 'international rivals', 'vast majority', 'New York', 'significant benefits', 'national economies', '27.1 per cent', 'U.S.', 'third-party countries', 'deposit account', 'payment flows', 'LCH Ltd', 'Desk mapping', 'key staff', 'book trades', 'regulatory scrutiny', 'Bloomberg report', 'anonymous sources', 'international banks', 'blank typos', 'primary objective', 'Canary Wharf', 'EU firms', 'EU economy', 'EU based', 'Euro derivates', 'Mandatory relocation', 'international use', 'EU-based clients', 'London units', 'LSE Group', 'case', 'costs', 'customers', 'Restricting', 'access', 'peers', 'risk', 'note', 'Friday', 'LSEG', 'Frankfurt', 'present', 'City', 'experts', 'view', 'concerns', 'volumes', 'UK', 'borders', 'bourses', 'oversight', 'Euros', 'requirement', 'ECB', 'booking', 'bloc', 'business', 'Brexit', 'number', 'teams']",2021-06-07,cityam.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-clearing-euro-idUSKCN2DJ1SF,EU quizzes industry over euro clearing as LSE offers olive branch,"British and European Union flags are seen ahead of a meeting of European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, in Brussels, Belgium December 9, 2020.Olivier Hoslet/Pool via REUTERSThe European Union is asking financial market participants to suggest legislative changesthat would help them transfer clearing in euro derivatives from London to the bloc as Britain's stock exchange offered an olive branch.Euro clearing has long been a Brexit battleground as the City of London seeks to minimise damage from EU exit.EU companies accounted for only 27.1% of euro-denominated interest rate derivatives clearing volumes at LCH in London in 2020, with 72.9% coming from non-EU firms, the LSE said.This illustrated the international use of the euro and the need for EU firms to access international clearers, the LSE said.","British and European Union flags are seen ahead of a meeting of European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, in Brussels, Belgium December 9, 2020. Olivier Hoslet/Pool via REUTERSThe European Union is asking financial market participants to suggest legislative changesthat would help them transfer clearing in euro derivatives from London to the bloc as Britain's stock exchange offered an olive branch.Britain's access to the EU financial market was largely severed after Brexit fully took effect on Dec. 31, 2020 and the London Stock Exchange Group's clearing unit LCH has permission to serve EU customers only until June 2022.EU officials say they want full sight of large-scale activity by EU regulated banks and asset managers in order to monitor any potential threats to the bloc's financial stability. read moreThe EU's executive European Commission is due to hold workshops with customers of clearing houses about shifting euro interest rate swaps contracts worth trillions of euros from London to Deutsche Boerse in Frankfurt.""How long would be needed to transfer positions or flows identified as clearable inside the Union? How could the time needed be potentially reduced?"" an EU document seen by Reuters said.The EU executive wants to know if the costs of shifting clearing could be reduced, and what changes in EU law or rules applied by regulators would help.""What supervisory measures could be taken to facilitate the transfer? What steps could market participants undertake to contribute to the process?""Euro clearing has long been a Brexit battleground as the City of London seeks to minimise damage from EU exit.The LSE on Friday fought back by setting out key data on clearing, concluding that forced relocation would bump up costs for customers and put EU firms at a competitive disadvantage to international peers.""Restricting access to the EU economy and the euro would place EU firms in competitive disadvantage against their peers and would also increase risk to financial stability both in the EU and more widely,"" the exchange said.LCH is already directly supervised by the EU securities watchdog ESMA, LSE said.In a bid to win over the EU to extend access to the bloc beyond next year, the LSE said it would be happy for its London clearer to be supervised by the European Central Bank, which has long sought a direct say over euro clearing.The LSE said the ECB has powers under EU law to require LCH to open a deposit account with it to give the central bank more oversight over the clearer's payment flows in euros.""LCH Ltd is fully supportive of this requirement,"" LSE said.EU companies accounted for only 27.1% of euro-denominated interest rate derivatives clearing volumes at LCH in London in 2020, with 72.9% coming from non-EU firms, the LSE said.This illustrated the international use of the euro and the need for EU firms to access international clearers, the LSE said.Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.46,0.11,0.43,True,English,"['EU', 'LSE', 'European Union', 'European Commission', 'Pool', 'REUTERS', 'European Union', 'EU', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'LCH', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'European Commission', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Union', 'EU', 'Reuters', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'LSE', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'LCH', 'EU', 'ESMA', 'LSE', 'EU', 'LSE', 'European Central Bank', 'LSE', 'ECB', 'EU', 'LCH', 'LCH Ltd', 'LSE', 'EU', 'LCH', 'EU', 'LSE', 'EU', 'LSE', 'Thomson Reuters']","['EU quizzes', 'euro clearing', 'olive branch', 'industry', 'LSE', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson', 'euro interest rate swaps contracts', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'euro-denominated interest rate derivatives', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'European Union flags', 'The European Union', 'European Central Bank', 'What supervisory measures', 'EU regulated banks', 'EU securities watchdog', 'financial market participants', 'EU financial market', 'euro derivatives', 'financial stability', 'What steps', 'The LSE', 'Olivier Hoslet/Pool', 'legislative changesthat', 'olive branch', 'EU officials', 'full sight', 'large-scale activity', 'asset managers', 'potential threats', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'EU document', 'EU law', 'EU exit', 'key data', 'EU firms', 'competitive disadvantage', 'EU economy', 'next year', 'direct say', 'deposit account', 'EU companies', 'international use', 'international clearers', 'Euro clearing', 'clearing unit', 'shifting clearing', 'EU executive', 'Brexit battleground', 'international peers', 'payment flows', 'EU customers', 'LCH Ltd', 'London clearer', 'meeting', 'Brussels', 'Belgium', 'bloc', 'Britain', 'access', 'effect', 'Dec.', 'permission', 'June', 'order', 'workshops', 'houses', 'trillions', 'euros', 'Frankfurt', 'positions', 'time', 'costs', 'rules', 'regulators', 'transfer', 'process', 'City', 'damage', 'Friday', 'relocation', 'risk', 'ESMA', 'bid', 'ECB', 'powers', 'oversight', 'requirement', 'volumes', 'non', 'need', 'Standards']",2021-06-07,reuters.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-clearing-idUSKCN2DJ1V1,UPDATE 1-EU quizzes industry over euro clearing as LSE offers olive branch,"British and European Union flags are seen ahead of a meeting of European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, in Brussels, Belgium December 9, 2020.Olivier Hoslet/Pool via REUTERSThe European Union is asking financial market participants to suggest legislative changesthat would help them transfer clearing in euro derivatives from London to the bloc as Britain's stock exchange offered an olive branch.Euro clearing has long been a Brexit battleground as the City of London seeks to minimise damage from EU exit.EU companies accounted for only 27.1% of euro-denominated interest rate derivatives clearing volumes at LCH in London in 2020, with 72.9% coming from non-EU firms, the LSE said.This illustrated the international use of the euro and the need for EU firms to access international clearers, the LSE said.","British and European Union flags are seen ahead of a meeting of European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, in Brussels, Belgium December 9, 2020. Olivier Hoslet/Pool via REUTERSThe European Union is asking financial market participants to suggest legislative changesthat would help them transfer clearing in euro derivatives from London to the bloc as Britain's stock exchange offered an olive branch.Britain's access to the EU financial market was largely severed after Brexit fully took effect on Dec. 31, 2020 and the London Stock Exchange Group's clearing unit LCH has permission to serve EU customers only until June 2022.EU officials say they want full sight of large-scale activity by EU regulated banks and asset managers in order to monitor any potential threats to the bloc's financial stability. read moreThe EU's executive European Commission is due to hold workshops with customers of clearing houses about shifting euro interest rate swaps contracts worth trillions of euros from London to Deutsche Boerse in Frankfurt.""How long would be needed to transfer positions or flows identified as clearable inside the Union? How could the time needed be potentially reduced?"" an EU document seen by Reuters said.The EU executive wants to know if the costs of shifting clearing could be reduced, and what changes in EU law or rules applied by regulators would help.""What supervisory measures could be taken to facilitate the transfer? What steps could market participants undertake to contribute to the process?""Euro clearing has long been a Brexit battleground as the City of London seeks to minimise damage from EU exit.The LSE on Friday fought back by setting out key data on clearing, concluding that forced relocation would bump up costs for customers and put EU firms at a competitive disadvantage to international peers.""Restricting access to the EU economy and the euro would place EU firms in competitive disadvantage against their peers and would also increase risk to financial stability both in the EU and more widely,"" the exchange said.LCH is already directly supervised by the EU securities watchdog ESMA, LSE said.In a bid to win over the EU to extend access to the bloc beyond next year, the LSE said it would be happy for its London clearer to be supervised by the European Central Bank, which has long sought a direct say over euro clearing.The LSE said the ECB has powers under EU law to require LCH to open a deposit account with it to give the central bank more oversight over the clearer's payment flows in euros.""LCH Ltd is fully supportive of this requirement,"" LSE said.EU companies accounted for only 27.1% of euro-denominated interest rate derivatives clearing volumes at LCH in London in 2020, with 72.9% coming from non-EU firms, the LSE said.This illustrated the international use of the euro and the need for EU firms to access international clearers, the LSE said.Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.46,0.11,0.43,True,English,"['LSE', 'European Union', 'European Commission', 'Pool', 'REUTERS', 'European Union', 'EU', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'LCH', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'European Commission', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Union', 'EU', 'Reuters', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'LSE', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'EU', 'LCH', 'EU', 'ESMA', 'LSE', 'EU', 'LSE', 'European Central Bank', 'LSE', 'ECB', 'EU', 'LCH', 'LCH Ltd', 'LSE', 'EU', 'LCH', 'EU', 'LSE', 'EU', 'LSE', 'Thomson Reuters']","['EU quizzes industry', 'olive branch', 'UPDATE', 'euro', 'LSE', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson', 'euro interest rate swaps contracts', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'euro-denominated interest rate derivatives', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'European Union flags', 'The European Union', 'European Central Bank', 'What supervisory measures', 'EU regulated banks', 'EU securities watchdog', 'financial market participants', 'EU financial market', 'euro derivatives', 'financial stability', 'What steps', 'The LSE', 'Olivier Hoslet/Pool', 'legislative changesthat', 'olive branch', 'EU officials', 'full sight', 'large-scale activity', 'asset managers', 'potential threats', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'EU document', 'EU law', 'EU exit', 'key data', 'EU firms', 'competitive disadvantage', 'EU economy', 'next year', 'direct say', 'deposit account', 'EU companies', 'international use', 'international clearers', 'Euro clearing', 'clearing unit', 'shifting clearing', 'EU executive', 'Brexit battleground', 'international peers', 'payment flows', 'EU customers', 'LCH Ltd', 'London clearer', 'meeting', 'Brussels', 'Belgium', 'bloc', 'Britain', 'access', 'effect', 'Dec.', 'permission', 'June', 'order', 'workshops', 'houses', 'trillions', 'euros', 'Frankfurt', 'positions', 'time', 'costs', 'rules', 'regulators', 'transfer', 'process', 'City', 'damage', 'Friday', 'relocation', 'risk', 'ESMA', 'bid', 'ECB', 'powers', 'oversight', 'requirement', 'volumes', 'non', 'need', 'Standards']",2021-06-07,reuters.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://www.ipe.com/news/people-moves-uk-green-taxonomy-advisors-named/10053230.article,People moves: UK green taxonomy advisors named,"VFF Pension (Volvo) – Conny Granbom has been appointed as the new chief executive officer of Sweden’s VFF Pension, the Volvo staff pension fund.Bread Street will launch private markets portfolios that deliver responsible thematic, financing stage or manager exposures, and focus initially on developing a series of innovative stock-exchange listed private markets funds.Refsnes is currently chief executive officer of the pension fund of Norway’s Viken municipality and Korshavn is pension fund manager at the Telenor Group – a Norwegian majority state-owned telecommunications company.Epworth Investment Management – The UK investment manager dedicated to serving the needs of churches and charities said that Roz Amos has joined as chief investment strategist.TransitionZero – Meryam Omi, head of sustainability and responsible investment strategy at Legal & General Investment Management, has joined the climate analytics provider’s board of directors.","GTAG, AP Pension, AP1, VFF Pension, Bread Street, Vontobel, Redington, Pensioenfederatie, Capital Group, Pensjonskasseforeningen, Epworth, BlueBay, TransitionZero, State StreetGreen Technical Advisory Group (GTAG) – The UK government has appointed an expert group to provide independent, non-binding advice on developing and implementing a green taxonomy in the UK context.Ingrid Holmes, executive director of the Green Finance Institute, will chair the group, which comprises 18 other members representing different areas of expertise and perspective. Brunel Pension Partnership’s Faith Ward, in her capacity as chair of the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change; James Alexander, CEO of the UK Sustainable Investment and Finance Association; and Invesco’s Elizabeth Gillam, on behalf of the International Regulatory Strategy Group, represent financial service taxonomy users on the GTAG.The full membership list and the group’s terms of reference can be found here. The government said the group was expected to be convened for two years in the first instance.AP Pension – Martin Munkesø has been appointed as a new portfolio manager in the alternatives department of Danish pension provider AP Pension. The firm promoted its former head of equities Rasmus Cederholm to the role of CIO last month, and has been reshaping its investment department as a result.A spokesman for AP Pension said Munkesø would be working under Anders Bang, the head of alternative investments, and would take up his new role from 1 September. Munkesø is joining AP Pension from his current position as senior portfolio manager at Nykredit, where he has worked for the last nine years.The AP Pension’s spokesman told IPE there were no further hirings for the investment team taking place at present.AP1 – Anette Dahlberg has been appointed as a new equity manager at AP1 in Sweden. The national pensions buffer fund told IPE that Dahlberg was replacing Anders Jacobsson, who has left its equity department to take up the role of risk manager at the pension fund.Dahlberg is to start her new job in September, and be responsible for the fund’s Swedish large company portfolio. She is coming to AP1 from her current job as a portfolio manager at Swedish pensions and insurance group Länsförsäkringar, where she has worked since 2017. Prior to that, she worked for AP7 for over 16 years as a senior portfolio manager.VFF Pension (Volvo) – Conny Granbom has been appointed as the new chief executive officer of Sweden’s VFF Pension, the Volvo staff pension fund. He has replaced former CEO Marie Hagstedt, who the firm said is retiring.VFF Pension said Granbom, who took up his new job on 1 June, had worked for the pension fund since 2005, in various managerial roles - most recently as head of insurance.Hagstedt said that after 22 years at VFF Pension, and having been CEO since 2008, she was now looking forward to having more time for her own interests.“During the spring, the work of conversion to an occupational pensions association (tjänstepensionsförening) was completed, and it now feels right to hand over to new forces,” she said.Bread Street Capital Partners – Alex Barr and James Witter have launched Bread Street Capital Partners, a new investment management business specialising in broadening investor access to global private markets including private equity, infrastructure, private debt and real assets.Between them, Witter and Barr have more than 60 years of investment and capital markets experience and have managed or overseen £60bn of private markets assets.Bread Street will launch private markets portfolios that deliver responsible thematic, financing stage or manager exposures, and focus initially on developing a series of innovative stock-exchange listed private markets funds. Bread Street will also provide complete private markets solutions to asset managers including investment advisory, legacy portfolio rationalisation, operating framework design and risk oversight services.The managing partners duo will lead the strategic growth of the business, its investment pipeline growth and management of the company’s first listed investment fund. Former chief operating officer (COO) of The Big Exchange, Abigail Sater, has been appointed COO.Barr has more than 28 years of industry experience and has held senior investment roles at Janus Henderson, Aberdeen Standard Investments and Deutsche Asset Management. Witter has more than 34 years industry experience, and has held senior roles at ASI, SVG Advisers, Nomura and Merrill Lynch.Vontobel – Elena Tedesco has joined Vontobel as a portfolio manager with responsibility for the newly launched Vontobel Fund II- Global Impact Equities on 7 June. She joins from Federated Hermes, where she was the co-portfolio manager for the global emerging markets ESG strategies and director of sustainability for the global emerging markets team.Tedesco has more than 20 years of experience in integrating sustainability in fundamental equity analysis and engagement and was responsible for developing the investment approach to sustainability and ESG issues for Federated Hermes’ emerging markets equity strategies. Prior to that, she was an analyst at Deminor, a Belgium-based independent research boutique, now part of ISS within Deutsche Börse group.The new Global Impact Equities fund seeks a “double dividend” for investors by investing in companies that contribute to the advancement of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and targets as well as delivering attractive performance.Redington – Tricia Ward has joined Redington’s manager research team as a director for private markets as the firm continues to broaden its capabilities across the asset class.She will report to head of manager research Nick Samuels and joins a now seven-strong team dedicated to covering alternatives and private markets. In total Redington’s manager research team spans over 22 people. Assets under advisory across the firm stand at over £500bn.Ward joins from the Greater Manchester Pension Fund where she was a senior investment manager responsible for private credit research and portfolio construction as well as development of its ESG framework. She brings more than 10 years of investment banking and independent boutique investment experience, specialising across the alternative and private lending investment space.Pensioenfederatie – The Dutch association for pension funds has appointed David Versluis as its new management director. Versluis, who is currently a senior client manager at Achmea Pensioenservices, will take up his duties on 1 September 2021.Versluis will replace Emile Soetendal, who has been director ad interim since April this year. According to general director Edith Maat, Versluis’ experience in programme management and coaching will specifically help the Pensioenfederatie “in its project-based management of our strategic objectives”.Capital Group – The asset manager, with assets under management of more than $2.4trn, has further strengthened its investment capabilities with the hire of Flavio Carpenzano as a fixed income investment director.Reporting to Jeremy Cunningham, investment director, Carpenzano will work in the investment specialist team to bring Capital Group’s fixed income offering to retail and institutional clients across Europe. he joins from AB where he was a senior investment strategist, supporting the strategic growth and servicing of the fixed income business across EMEA, with a particular focus on both retail and institutional clients in Southern Europe, the Middle East and the UK.Prior to that, he was a product manager at PIMCO focused on developing its range of credit strategies. His early career also includes an analyst role at the Bank of England.Norwegian Association of Pension Funds – Bjarne Refsnes and Kjetil Korshavn have been appointed as chair and deputy chair, respectively, of the board of the Norwegian Association of Pension Funds (Pensjonskasseforeningen). They replace the lobby group’s previous chair and deputy chair, Ole Petter Gjerde and Guri Horsfjord Lassen, respectively.Refsnes is currently chief executive officer of the pension fund of Norway’s Viken municipality and Korshavn is pension fund manager at the Telenor Group – a Norwegian majority state-owned telecommunications company.The association said Gjerde and Lassen would remain on its board as ordinary board members.Epworth Investment Management – The UK investment manager dedicated to serving the needs of churches and charities said that Roz Amos has joined as chief investment strategist. Amos will be responsible for all matters relating to the investment functions of Epworth Investment Management and the central finance board of the Methodist Church, including defining and executing the investment strategy, asset allocation, and fund performance.Prior to joining Epworth, Amos worked at UBS Asset Management, chairing its product strategy board, helping build the global product range and develop an innovative product shelf and strategy. Before that, she was an investment consultant with Willis Towers Watson, where she started her career, working in both London and Sydney.BlueBay Asset Management – The specialist fixed income manager is strengthening its sales team in Germany and Austria with the appointment of Michael Wolfram as head of institutional sales Germany and Austria. Based in Munich, he reports to Viola Patock, head of Northern Europe.Patock said: “As we continue to expand our presence, Michael’s appointment is one of many at BlueBay that will allow us to look further afield and continue to expand into new markets, with innovative products and services. In an environment of negative yielding debt where investors are hunting the income in fixed income, we appreciate the importance of having experts within this field who can support our clients in their individual needs during these uncertain times.”Before joining BlueBay, Wolfram was most recently a director for Germany, Austria and Switzerland at bfinance focused on business development and relationship management of its pension, insurer, church and endowment clients based out of Munich.TransitionZero – Meryam Omi, head of sustainability and responsible investment strategy at Legal & General Investment Management, has joined the climate analytics provider’s board of directors. She has been appointed to help grow the company’s footprint in the financial sector.She said the industry faced a shortage of data that is timely, granular and sector-specific and that TransitionZero “is able to bring its world-class analytics to decision-makers to help them reach their zero-carbon targets”.TransitionZero is a founding partner of the Al Gore-backed coalition Climate TRACE, which is aiming to mobilise the global tech community (harnessing satellites, artificial intelligence, and collective expertise) to track human-caused emissions to specific sources in real time, independently and publicly.State Street Corporation – Jason Knight has been named global head of the firm’s insurance segment. In this role, Knight will be responsible for creating and executing the insurance segment’s strategy globally, and will work closely with senior leadership in sales, product, as well as State Street’s other business lines.Knight joins from BNY Mellon, where he was most recently the head of the insurance segment in the Americas for asset servicing. He brings 27 years of experience in the financial services industry, and has served in a number of insurance and investment management segment-related leadership, business development, product and relationship management roles throughout the years.To read the digital edition of IPE’s latest magazine click here.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.23,0.41,True,English,"['GTAG', 'AP Pension', 'AP1,', 'VFF Pension', 'Bread Street', 'Vontobel', 'Redington', 'Pensioenfederatie', 'Capital Group', 'Pensjonskasseforeningen', 'Epworth', 'BlueBay', 'TransitionZero', 'State Street', 'Green Technical Advisory Group', 'GTAG', 'Green Finance Institute', 'Brunel Pension Partnership', 'Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change', 'UK Sustainable Investment and Finance Association', 'Invesco', 'International Regulatory Strategy Group', 'GTAG', 'AP Pension', 'AP Pension', 'AP Pension', 'AP Pension', 'Nykredit', 'AP Pension', 'IPE', 'AP1', 'AP1', 'IPE', 'AP1', 'Länsförsäkringar', 'AP7', 'Volvo', 'Volvo', 'VFF Pension', 'VFF Pension', 'tjänstepensionsförening', 'Bread Street Capital Partners', 'Bread Street Capital Partners', 'Bread Street', 'Bread Street', 'The Big Exchange', 'Janus Henderson', 'Aberdeen Standard Investments', 'Deutsche Asset Management', 'ASI', 'SVG Advisers', 'Nomura', 'Merrill Lynch', 'Vontobel', 'Vontobel', 'Vontobel', 'Federated Hermes', 'Tedesco']","['UK green taxonomy advisors', 'People', 'innovative stock-exchange listed private markets funds', 'Vontobel Fund II- Global Impact Equities', 'global emerging markets ESG strategies', 'Länsförsäkringar', 'global emerging markets team', 'complete private markets solutions', 'financial service taxonomy users', 'Former chief operating officer', 'national pensions buffer fund', 'International Regulatory Strategy Group', 'first listed investment fund', 'new chief executive officer', 'Bread Street Capital Partners', 'Volvo staff pension fund', 'former CEO Marie Hagstedt', 'Green Technical Advisory Group', 'global private markets', 'equities Rasmus Cederholm', 'new investment management business', 'private markets portfolios', 'managing partners duo', 'private markets assets', 'operating framework design', 'capital markets experience', 'independent, non-binding advice', 'full membership list', 'tjänstepensionsförening', 'broadening investor access', 'The Big Exchange', 'various managerial roles', 'legacy portfolio rationalisation', 'Green Finance Institute', 'occupational pensions association', 'risk oversight services', 'Aberdeen Standard Investments', 'fundamental equity analysis', 'Brunel Pension Partnership', 'Danish pension provider', 'Institutional Investors Group', 'Deutsche Asset Management', 'investment pipeline growth', 'senior investment roles', 'UK Sustainable Investment', 'new portfolio manager', 'senior portfolio manager', 'new equity manager', 'last nine years', 'large company portfolio', 'The AP Pension', '34 years industry experience', 'green taxonomy', 'private equity', 'investment team', 'Capital Group', 'senior roles', 'private debt', 'Finance Association', 'first instance', 'risk manager', 'new job', 'new forces', 'former head', 'State Street', 'executive director', 'investment department', 'alternative investments', 'equity department', 'Swedish pensions', 'real assets', 'asset managers', 'strategic growth', 'investment appro', 'manager exposures', 'UK context', 'VFF Pension', 'expert group', 'new role', 'Ingrid Holmes', '18 other members', 'different areas', 'Faith Ward', 'Climate Change', 'James Alexander', 'Elizabeth Gillam', 'alternatives department', 'current position', 'current job', 'financing stage', 'Abigail Sater', 'Janus Henderson', 'SVG Advisers', 'Merrill Lynch', 'Federated Hermes', 'UK government', 'insurance group', 'two years', 'Anders Bang', 'Conny Granbom', 'Elena Tedesco', 'Martin Munkesø', 'Anette Dahlberg', 'Alex Barr', 'James Witter', '16 years', '22 years', '60 years', '28 years', '20 years', 'GTAG', 'Redington', 'Pensioenfederatie', 'Pensjonskasseforeningen', 'Epworth', 'BlueBay', 'TransitionZero', 'expertise', 'perspective', 'capacity', 'chair', 'Invesco', 'behalf', 'terms', 'reference', 'firm', 'CIO', 'result', 'spokesman', '1 September', 'Nykredit', 'hirings', 'place', 'present', 'AP1', 'Sweden', 'Jacobsson', 'AP7', '1 June', 'time', 'interests', 'spring', 'conversion', 'infrastructure', '60bn', 'series', 'COO', 'ASI', 'Nomura', 'responsibility', '7 June', 'joins', 'sustainability', 'engagement']",2021-06-10,ipe.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/gameon-entertainment-technologies-begins-trading-070000660.html,GameOn Entertainment Technologies Begins Trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange,"Vancouver, British Columbia--(Newsfile Corp. - June 10, 2021) - GameOn Entertainment Technologies Inc. (CSE: GET) (FSE: 9E7) (""GameOn"") is pleased to announce that its common shares are now trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (""FSE"") and are under the symbol ""9E7"".The Frankfurt Stock Exchange (FSE) is one of the world's largest international trading centers for securities.The Company's common shares continue to be listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange under the symbol ""GET"".ABOUT GAMEON ENTERTAINMENT TECHNOLOGIES INC.GameOn Entertainment Technologies (GET) is the leading technology company providing consumers, broadcasters, sportsbooks, venues and brand partners with interactive, social experiences around sports, television and live events.Forward-looking information in this news release include statements about GameOn's listing and commencement of trading on the CSE.","Vancouver, British Columbia--(Newsfile Corp. - June 10, 2021) - GameOn Entertainment Technologies Inc. (CSE: GET) (FSE: 9E7) (""GameOn"") is pleased to announce that its common shares are now trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (""FSE"") and are under the symbol ""9E7"".The Frankfurt Stock Exchange (FSE) is one of the world's largest international trading centers for securities. Operated by the Deutsche Boerse AG, FSE, is the largest of Germany's seven stock exchanges, and is responsible for approximately 90 percent of all securities traded in Germany. The FSE facilitates advanced electronic trading, settlement and information systems and enables cross-border trading for international investors.Matt Bailey, CEO commented, ""We are pleased to be listing on the Frankfurt Exchange as this is a large step in enabling the growth of GameOn by allowing retail and institutional European investors to buy, sell and/or trade in our public equity shares.""The Company's common shares continue to be listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange under the symbol ""GET"".ABOUT GAMEON ENTERTAINMENT TECHNOLOGIES INC.GameOn Entertainment Technologies (GET) is the leading technology company providing consumers, broadcasters, sportsbooks, venues and brand partners with interactive, social experiences around sports, television and live events. After completing the Comcast NBCUniversal LIFT Labs Accelerator, powered by Techstars in 2018, GameOn has secured distribution and white label projects with several partners. V2 Games Inc. completed the asset purchase of GameOn in December 2020.On behalf of the Board of Directors:Matt BaileyDirector & Chief Executive OfficerGameOn Entertainment Technologies Inc.www.gameon.appFor further information about GameOn, please contact:Investor RelationsContact - Edge Communications GroupEmail: investgameon.appTelephone: 604-283-9166FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATIONStory continuesThis news release contains ""forward-looking information"" and ""forward-looking statements"" (collectively, ""forward-looking information"") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking information is generally identifiable by use of the words ""believes,"" ""may,"" ""plans,"" ""will,"" ""anticipates,"" ""intends,"" ""could,"" ""estimates,"" ""expects,"" ""forecasts,"" ""projects"" and similar expressions, and the negative of such expressions. Forward-looking information in this news release include statements about GameOn's listing and commencement of trading on the CSE.Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is based on the reasonable assumptions, estimates, analysis and opinions of management made in light of its experience and perception of trends, current conditions and expected developments, and other factors that management believes are relevant and reasonable in the circumstances at the date such statements are made. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. All forward-looking information herein is qualified in its entirety by this cautionary statement, and GameOn disclaims any obligation to revise or update any such forward-looking information or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking information contained herein to reflect future results, events or developments, except as required by law.Neither the CSE nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the CSE) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.To view the source version of this press release, please visit ",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.35,0.09,0.56,True,English,"['GameOn Entertainment Technologies', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Newsfile', 'GameOn Entertainment Technologies Inc.', 'GameOn', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'FSE', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'FSE', 'FSE', 'Frankfurt Exchange', 'GameOn', 'Canadian Securities Exchange', 'GAMEON ENTERTAINMENT TECHNOLOGIES INC', 'GameOn Entertainment Technologies', 'GET', 'Comcast NBCUniversal', 'Techstars', 'GameOn', 'V2 Games Inc.', 'GameOn', 'Board of Directors', 'GameOn Entertainment Technologies Inc.', 'Edge Communications Group', 'GameOn', 'CSE', 'GameOn', 'CSE', 'CSE']","['GameOn Entertainment Technologies', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Comcast NBCUniversal LIFT Labs Accelerator', 'largest international trading centers', 'GameOn Entertainment Technologies Inc', 'The Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'V2 Games Inc.', 'seven stock exchanges', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'white label projects', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Edge Communications Group', 'Regulation Services Provider', 'advanced electronic trading', 'public equity shares', 'Canadian Securities Exchange', 'applicable securities laws', 'leading technology company', 'Frankfurt Exchange', 'international investors', 'cross-border trading', 'The Company', 'common shares', 'Newsfile Corp', 'Matt Bailey', 'large step', 'European investors', 'brand partners', 'social experiences', 'several partners', 'asset purchase', 'Investor Relations', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'reasonable assumptions', 'current conditions', 'important factors', 'undue reliance', 'cautionary statement', 'source version', 'The FSE', 'information systems', 'FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION', 'actual results', 'future results', 'news release', 'press release', 'live events', 'future events', 'similar expressions', 'looking statements', 'Vancouver', 'June', 'CSE', 'symbol', 'world', 'Germany', '90 percent', 'settlement', 'CEO', 'growth', 'retail', 'institutional', 'GET', 'consumers', 'broadcasters', 'sportsbooks', 'venues', 'interactive', 'television', 'Techstars', 'distribution', 'December', 'behalf', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Contact', 'Email', 'Telephone', 'Story', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'plans', 'anticipates', 'forecasts', 'negative', 'listing', 'commencement', 'uncertainties', 'level', 'activity', 'performance', 'achievements', 'estimates', 'analysis', 'opinions', 'management', 'light', 'perception', 'trends', 'expected', 'developments', 'circumstances', 'date', 'assurance', 'readers', 'entirety', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'term', 'policies', 'responsibility', 'adequacy', 'accuracy', 'newsfilecorp', '9E7']",2021-06-10,ca.finance.yahoo.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://www.financemagnates.com/institutional-forex/eurex-reports-strong-growth-in-derivatives-contracts-during-may-2021/,Eurex Reports Strong Growth in Derivatives Contracts during May 2021,"Eurex, an international derivatives exchange and a member of the Deutsche Börse Group, released its trading numbers for May 2021 today.The exchange reported a total of 137.4 million derivatives contracts in the last month, a number which is up by 13% compared to 121.8 million traded derivatives contracts in May 2020.However, a drop of nearly 8% was reported in European equity index derivatives contracts during May 2021.Suggested articles CAPEX.com Expands Cryptocurrencies Portfolio with 12 New AdditionsGo to article >>In April 2021, Eurex saw a jump in its average daily cleared volume.Eurex in 2021Since the start of 2021, Eurex has announced several partnerships and launched new products to increase its offerings.","Eurex, an international derivatives exchange and a member of the Deutsche Börse Group, released its trading numbers for May 2021 today. The exchange reported a total of 137.4 million derivatives contracts in the last month, a number which is up by 13% compared to 121.8 million traded derivatives contracts in May 2020.According to the numbers, European interest rate derivatives and European equity derivatives spiked by 37% and 41% respectively. However, a drop of nearly 8% was reported in European equity index derivatives contracts during May 2021.“Eurex’s OTC Clearing business saw IRS volumes grow in terms of both notional outstanding, up 15 percent from 18,960 billion to 21,440 billion EUR, and average daily cleared volume, which grew 25 percent from 17 billion to 21 billion EUR compared to the same month last year. Overall clearing notional outstanding grew 15 percent, while overall average daily cleared volume dropped 33 percent across the same period. Eurex Repo saw drops in monthly term adjusted volumes; of 46 percent in GC Pooling and 12 percent in the Repo Market,” the exchange mentioned in the official announcement.Suggested articles CAPEX.com Expands Cryptocurrencies Portfolio with 12 New AdditionsGo to article >>In April 2021, Eurex saw a jump in its average daily cleared volume. The exchange recorded a substantial growth in its OTC Clearing Business.Eurex in 2021Since the start of 2021, Eurex has announced several partnerships and launched new products to increase its offerings. Earlier this month, the exchange introduced new derivatives for expansion in Asia. Eurex launched futures on the MSCI China Tech 100 Index along with futures and options on the MSCI Hong Kong Listed Large Cap and the MSCI China Hong Kong Listed Large Cap indexes. Additionally, the exchange announced a partnership with Korea Exchange in March 2021 and mentioned that the Korean benchmark index (KOSPI 200) futures will be listed on the Eurex/KRX Link.“This growth in May comes after a mixed few months in 2021 due to comparisons with the unprecedented volatility in early 2020,” Eurex added in the press release.",positive,0.4,0.38,0.22,mixed,0.41,0.25,0.34,True,English,"['Eurex', 'Eurex', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Eurex', 'IRS', 'Eurex Repo', 'GC Pooling', 'Repo', 'CAPEX.com', 'Eurex', 'Eurex', 'Eurex', 'Eurex', 'MSCI', 'MSCI Hong Kong', 'MSCI', 'Hong Kong', 'Korea Exchange', 'Eurex', 'KRX', 'Eurex']","['Strong Growth', 'Derivatives Contracts', 'Eurex', 'May', 'MSCI Hong Kong Listed Large Cap', 'overall average daily cleared volume', 'European equity index derivatives contracts', 'MSCI China Hong Kong', 'MSCI China Tech 100 Index', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'European interest rate derivatives', 'monthly term adjusted volumes', '121.8 million traded derivatives contracts', 'Overall clearing notional outstanding', 'Large Cap indexes', 'European equity derivatives', '137.4 million derivatives contracts', 'Korean benchmark index', 'OTC Clearing business', 'new derivatives', 'IRS volumes', 'derivatives exchange', 'last month', 'GC Pooling', 'Repo Market', 'official announcement', 'Cryptocurrencies Portfolio', '12 New AdditionsGo', 'several partnerships', 'new products', 'Eurex/KRX Link', 'unprecedented volatility', 'press release', 'trading numbers', 'same period', 'substantial growth', 'KOSPI 200) futures', 'Korea Exchange', 'Eurex Repo', 'international', 'member', 'May', 'total', 'drop', 'terms', 'billion', '46 percent', '12 percent', 'articles', 'CAPEX', 'com', 'April', 'jump', 'start', 'offerings', 'expansion', 'Asia', 'options', 'March', 'mixed', 'months', '18']",2021-06-09,financemagnates.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://fintechnews.ch/fintech/top-10-upcoming-fintech-webinars-and-virtual-events-in-dach-to-attend/45836/,Top 10 Upcoming Fintech Webinars and Virtual Events in DACH to Attend,"As fintech continues to shake up the traditional financial services industry and see rising adoption, we’ve compiled today a list of the top 10 webinars and, virtual and hybrid fintech events that are taking place within the next coming months in Germany, Austria and Switzerland (DACH).Top Fintech DACH Trends 2021June 10, 2021, 11:00 (GMT +2)In this fintech webinar, experts from ti&m, Tradeplus24, UBS and Comarch will discuss the DACH fintech landscape, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, startup financing, and emerging market trends.The 16th edition of Vision Bank – Vision Swiss Financial Center, planned as a hybrid event, will be all about cooperation.This year’s event, planned to be held as a hybrid event, will feature award-winning insights, startup pitches, and offer connections into the European fintech startup and investment landscape.Blockchance 2021December 02 – 04, 2021Hybrid, Hamburg City Hall, GermanyBlockchance, Germany’s leading business-to-business (B2B) and trade fair on blockchain technology, will take place this year as a hybrid event from December 02 to 04.","Despite the loosening of restrictions, webinars and,virtual events continue to be widely popular.As fintech continues to shake up the traditional financial services industry and see rising adoption, we’ve compiled today a list of the top 10 webinars and, virtual and hybrid fintech events that are taking place within the next coming months in Germany, Austria and Switzerland (DACH).Who is George anyway? The intelligent digital bank advisor from AustriaJune 08, 2021, 10:00 – 10:50 (GMT +2)In 2015, Austria’s Erste Bank started a revolution with George, a service-oriented online banking assistant across all digital channels. Now the time has come for the next level.George is to be raised to the level of an intelligent real-time engine and to interact with the customer on a channel-agnostic basis across all subject areas. From investment advice to payment transactions.The customer interaction should take place via natural language and thus make George a trustworthy financial assistant available 24/7, anywhere, and supporting a high range of services.In this webinar, participants will learn how Erste Bank is gradually implementing the operationalization of this strategy with the help of SAS in order to develop George into an intelligent customer interaction platform.Top Fintech DACH Trends 2021June 10, 2021, 11:00 (GMT +2)In this fintech webinar, experts from ti&m, Tradeplus24, UBS and Comarch will discuss the DACH fintech landscape, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, startup financing, and emerging market trends.Register here:  reloaded – LIVEJune 15, 2021, 14:00 – 15:00 (GMT +2)There’s currently a revival of bancassurance. How can the linking of banking and insurance products be successfully raised to the next level with digital help? Where is Germany currently standing on this topic, and how should bancassurance be set up in the future?In this webinar, experts from Bankingclub, Versicherungsforen Leipzig, Fonds Finanz and Consumer Bank will discuss the results of a large-scale study titled Perspectives of Bancassurance in Germany, highlight the key findings of the research, and share insights on where the sector is heading.CfC St. Moritz Virtual DayJune 17, 2021The CfC St. Moritz Virtual Day will bring together over 200 carefully selected international investors, family offices, funds and decision makers in the most private and unique setting in the heart of the Swiss Alps.For three days, opinion leaders and high-ranking representatives from governmental and supranational bodies, the private sector, academia and decentralized organizations exchange their knowledge of digital assets, blockchain and traditional finance.As a part of a well-structured program, industry leaders will have the opportunity to talk about trends, regulatory changes and new business developments.More Information here: CfC St. MoritzVision Bank – Vision Swiss Financial CenterSeptember 02, 2021, 13:30 – 19:00 (GMT +2)Hybrid, SIX ConventionPoint, Zurich, SwitzerlandRegional, national and international banks are faced with the question of how to deal with such a crisis, what they can do for their customers and how they can support the economy.The 16th edition of Vision Bank – Vision Swiss Financial Center, planned as a hybrid event, will be all about cooperation. The first half of the conference program will be primarily focused on the Swiss market, and will feature key insight from local government agencies, as well as business and banking leaders.Speakers will include Swiss politician Ueli Maurer; Christoph Mäder, president of Economiesuisse; and Herbert Scheidt, president of the Swiss Bankers Association.In the second half of the conference, the perspective will be broadened and internationalized. Top industry representatives will share their views and insights through keynotes, panel discussions and interviews.Blockchain Financial Services 2021October 19, 2021, 8:15 – 18:30 (GMT +2)Hybrid, Gottlieb Duttweiler Institut, Rüschlikon, SwitzerlandStartups, established companies, states and central banks are testing and developing new applications with the blockchain.At the hybrid Blockchain Financial Services 2021 event, participants will get to hear from experts representing companies, organizations and governmental bodies such as Switzerland’s State Secretariats for International Financial Matters, the Canton of Zug, the University of Basel, SEBA Bank, Sygnum Bank, Oesterreichische Nationalbank OeNB, and the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, who will discuss the latest fintech developments, regulations, crypto markets, central bank digital currencies, and more.The Magic of Innovation – Insurance Innovation DayOctober 20 – 21, 2021Hybrid, Palace Eschenbach, Vienna, AustriaThe Magic of Innovation, a leading international conference and hotspot for the insurance industry, is returning this year, featuring more than 40 expert speakers.Information about this year’s event is still limited but previous editions have featured experts representing the likes of Linkedin, Munich Re, Facebook, Google Cloud, Swisslife and Generali.Crypto Valley Conference 2021October 28 – 29, 2021Hybrid, Rotkreuz, SwitzerlandDue to the current global pandemic of COVID-19, this year’s Crypto Valley Conference will take place in a hybrid format.The 4th edition of the Crypto Valley Conference, organized by the Crypto Valley Association in partnership with the Lucerne University, is coming up with two days of in-depth discussions on the current state and future of blockchain technology. The event will feature more than 40 presentations from global industry leaders covering topics on technology, economy and finance, and legal and regulation.Key themes will include smart contracts, identity management, scalability and consensus, crypto assets, the Internet-of-Things (IoT), interoperability, central banks and cryptocurrencies, exchanges and infrastructure, and more.Fintech Forum 2021November 18, 2021, 12:30 – 18:00 (GMT +2)Hybrid, Airport Club for International Executives, Frankfurt am Main, GermanySince 2013, Fintech Forum’s 21+ events have explored the future of financial services in Europe and delved into fintech trends, bringing together 350+ startups and 1,800+ investors and financial institutions.This year’s event, planned to be held as a hybrid event, will feature award-winning insights, startup pitches, and offer connections into the European fintech startup and investment landscape.Blockchance 2021December 02 – 04, 2021Hybrid, Hamburg City Hall, GermanyBlockchance, Germany’s leading business-to-business (B2B) and trade fair on blockchain technology, will take place this year as a hybrid event from December 02 to 04.This year’s event will introduce the topics of digital assets, AI, green technology and sustainability, and will focus on connecting thought leaders and innovators. 1,500 participants, 200 investors, 120 international speakers and 50 exhibitors are expected to attend.Highlights of this year’s conference will include a EUR 100,000 startup award, a one-day AI Summit, an interactive networking area, as well as a unique supporting program with VIP Breakfast, Gala Dinner, Cinema Night and the legendary After Glow Party.Speakers will include experts representing organizations include the United Nations, European Commission, and the German Federal Government, Bitkom, Bitmain, BMW, Börse Stuttgart, ConsenSys, Deutsche Bahn, ECB, HHLA, HPA, IBM, IOTA, Mercedes, Tesla and Volkswagen.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.14,0.33,True,English,"['Erste Bank', 'Erste Bank', 'SAS', 'George', 'ti&m', 'Tradeplus24', 'UBS', 'Comarch', 'Bankingclub', 'Versicherungsforen Leipzig', 'Fonds Finanz', 'Consumer Bank', 'CfC', 'CfC St. Moritz', 'Vision Bank', 'Economiesuisse', 'Swiss Bankers Association', 'Blockchain Financial Services', 'Gottlieb Duttweiler Institut', 's', 'State Secretariats for International Financial Matters', 'Canton of Zug', 'University of Basel', 'SEBA Bank', 'Sygnum Bank', 'Oesterreichische Nationalbank OeNB', 'Industrial and Commercial Bank of China', 'Hybrid']","['Top 10 Upcoming Fintech Webinars', 'Virtual Events', 'DACH', 'The CfC St. Moritz Virtual Day', 'hybrid Blockchain Financial Services 2021 event', 'service-oriented online banking assistant', 'Vision Swiss Financial Center', 'intelligent customer interaction platform', 'traditional financial services industry', 'intelligent digital bank advisor', 'central bank digital currencies', 'Top Fintech DACH Trends', 'trustworthy financial assistant', 'intelligent real-time engine', 'International Financial Matters', 'local government agencies', 'Gottlieb Duttweiler Institut', 'Oesterreichische Nationalbank OeNB', 'Swiss Bankers Association', 'latest fintech developments', 'Christoph Mäder', 'next coming months', 'DACH fintech landscape', 'Top industry representatives', 'emerging market trends', 'new business developments', 'leading international conference', 'hybrid fintech events', 'virtual events', 'Innovation Day', 'Vision Bank', 'Swiss market', 'The Magic', 'traditional finance', 'central banks', 'Swiss Alps', 'Swiss politician', 'hybrid event', 'industry leaders', 'digital channels', 'digital assets', 'top 10 webinars', 'ti&m', 'international investors', 'high-ranking representatives', 'international banks', 'new applications', 'insurance industry', 'Erste Bank', 'Consumer Bank', 'SEBA Bank', 'Sygnum Bank', 'Commercial Bank', 'banking leaders', 'rising adoption', 'next level', 'channel-agnostic basis', 'subject areas', 'investment advice', 'payment transactions', 'natural language', 'high range', 'fintech webinar', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'startup financing', 'Versicherungsforen Leipzig', 'large-scale study', 'key findings', 'family offices', 'decision makers', 'unique setting', 'three days', 'opinion leaders', 'supranational bodies', 'regulatory changes', 'SIX ConventionPoint', 'Regional, national', '16th edition', 'first half', 'key insight', 'Ueli Maurer', 'Herbert Scheidt', 'second half', 'panel discussions', 'Rüschlikon', 'State Secretariats', 'crypto markets', 'previous editions', 'insurance products', 'decentralized organizations', 'More Information', 'conference program', 'governmental bodies', '40 expert speakers', 'private sector', 'loosening', 'restrictions', 'list', 'place', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Switzerland', 'George', 'June', 'GMT', 'revolution', 'participants', 'operationalization', 'strategy', 'help', 'SAS', 'order', 'experts', 'Tradeplus24', 'UBS', 'Comarch', 'impact', 'Register', 'vwHKlq', 'BANCASSURANCE', 'LIVE', 'revival', 'linking', 'topic', 'future', 'Bankingclub', 'Fonds', 'Finanz', 'results', 'Perspectives', 'research', 'insights', 'funds', 'heart', 'academia', 'knowledge', 'opportunity', 'September', 'Zurich', 'question', 'crisis', 'customers', 'economy', 'cooperation', 'president', 'Economiesuisse', 'views', 'keynotes', 'October', 'Startups', 'established', 'companies', 'states', 'Canton', 'Zug', 'University', 'Basel', 'Industrial', 'China', 'regulations', 'Palace', 'Eschenbach', 'Vienna', 'hotspot', 'year', '200']",2021-06-09,fintechnews.ch,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/industryarticle.php?article_id=11921&navigationaction=industrynews&newssection=industry,Clearstream and Edaa enhance access to the Saudi capital market,"Clearstream and Edaa enhance access to the Saudi capital marketClearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Boerse Group, is set to connect the Saudi capital market to its network through a linkage with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa).The move will make Clearstream the first international central securities depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market.According to Clearstream, this step will give international investors seamless access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and exchange-traded funds (ETFs) denominated in Saudi Riyal (SAR).As a result, an increase in demand for Saudi government bonds from cross-border investors is expected, thereby improving liquidity in the domestic market, explains Clearstream.Jan Willems, head of global markets at Clearstream, comments: “The Saudi capital market has been increasingly attractive to international investors.","Clearstream and Edaa enhance access to the Saudi capital marketClearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Boerse Group, is set to connect the Saudi capital market to its network through a linkage with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa).Edda is a company fully owned by Saudi Tadawul Group and responsible for operating and maintaining the depository and settlement system (DSS).The move will make Clearstream the first international central securities depository (ICSD) to offer international investors access to the Saudi capital market. Its eligible clients will be allowed to access and trade on the Saudi Exchange commencing 14 June 2021.This will be conducted through the indirect linkage that will be established via HSBC Saudi Arabia who will act as the local custodian for Clearstream.According to Clearstream, this step will give international investors seamless access to the Saudi capital market by enabling settlement of Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds, non-convertible corporate bonds and exchange-traded funds (ETFs) denominated in Saudi Riyal (SAR).Meanwhile, eligible customers will not have to apply for Qualified Foreign Investor (QFI) status to invest in the Saudi Sukuk/bonds market and ETFs listed on the Saudi Exchange.International investors will also be eligible to hold Saudi fixed-income securities and ETFs via a foreign nominee omnibus account structure, benefitting also from the usual suite of ICSD services, including offshore (internal) settlement.As a result, an increase in demand for Saudi government bonds from cross-border investors is expected, thereby improving liquidity in the domestic market, explains Clearstream.Jan Willems, head of global markets at Clearstream, comments: “The Saudi capital market has been increasingly attractive to international investors. We are excited to now offer our clients access together with excellent market partners with great local reach.”Willems explains: “Adding the Saudi market to our network is a further token of Clearstream’s commitment to support emerging capital markets in their integration into the global financial system, creating further investment opportunities backed by our trusted, high-quality service offering.”Raed Alhumaid, CEO of Edaa, adds: “The linkage with the International Central Securities Depository Clearstream reflects our efforts to facilitate the access of international investors to the Saudi capital market, while strengthening bridges between local issuers and foreign investors, especially in regards to debt instruments listed on the Saudi Exchange, this is in line with the objectives of the Financial Sector Development Program, part of Vision 2030.”Over the last years, the Saudi capital market has seen an increased appetite from foreign investors for Saudi listed Sukuks and bonds, as the market issuances grew to over USD 106 billion in Q1/2021, with the increased global demand on government issuances.In March this year HSBC acted as custodian and agent lender for the first-ever securities lending transaction in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.Click here to discover more about Saudi Arabia’s market.",neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Edaa', 'Edda', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'Clearstream', 'ICSD', 'Saudi Exchange', 'HSBC Saudi Arabia', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream', 'Saudi Exchange', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'International Central Securities Depository Clearstream', 'Saudi Exchange', 'HSBC']","['Saudi capital market', 'Clearstream', 'Edaa', 'access', 'foreign nominee omnibus account structure', 'first international central securities depository', 'International Central Securities Depository Clearstream', 'first-ever securities lending transaction', 'Financial Sector Development Program', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Saudi Exchange-listed government bonds', 'Saudi fixed-income securities', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'Qualified Foreign Investor', 'high-quality service offering', 'non-convertible corporate bonds', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'excellent market partners', 'post-trading services provider', 'emerging capital markets', 'Saudi government bonds', 'great local reach', 'global financial system', 'Saudi capital market', 'Saudi Sukuk/bonds market', 'HSBC Saudi Arabia', 'international investors access', 'Saudi market', 'foreign investors', 'government issuances', 'global markets', 'Saudi Riyal', 'domestic market', 'market issuances', 'local issuers', 'settlement system', 'cross-border investors', 'exchange-traded funds', 'eligible customers', 'QFI) status', 'usual suite', 'ICSD services', 'investment opportunities', 'Raed Alhumaid', 'debt instruments', 'last years', 'agent lender', 'local custodian', 'global demand', 'internal) settlement', 'seamless access', 'eligible clients', 'Jan Willems', 'indirect linkage', 'Edaa', 'network', 'Edda', 'operating', 'DSS', 'move', 'June', 'step', 'ETFs', 'SAR', 'offshore', 'result', 'increase', 'liquidity', 'head', 'token', 'commitment', 'integration', 'trusted', 'CEO', 'efforts', 'bridges', 'line', 'objectives', 'Vision 2030', 'appetite', 'Sukuks', 'Q1/20', 'March', 'Kingdom']",2021-06-08,assetservicingtimes.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/mvise-ag-decides-strategy-mvise-114510097.html,mVISE AG decides on strategy mVISE GROWTH 2021/22 and cash capital increase,"mVISE AG / Key word(s): Capital Increase/Strategic Company DecisionmVISE AG decides on strategy mVISE GROWTH 2021/22 and cash capital increaseDisclosure of an inside information acc.At today's Supervisory Board meeting, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board adopted the mVISE GROWTH 2021/22 strategy.The final placement volume and the placement price will be determined by the Executive Board with the approval of the Supervisory Board after completion of the placement process.According to the resolution of today's Supervisory Board meeting, the net proceeds from the capital increase will be used to prepare for further inorganic growth as part of the mVISE GROWTH 2021/22 strategy.For this reason, the mVISE AG will hold the 2021 Annual General Meeting in the 2nd half of 2021.","mVISE AG / Key word(s): Capital Increase/Strategic Company DecisionmVISE AG decides on strategy mVISE GROWTH 2021/22 and cash capital increaseDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.At today's Supervisory Board meeting, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board adopted the mVISE GROWTH 2021/22 strategy. The aim of the strategy is to accelerate the growth of the mVISE AG through integration or merger with a value-creating acquisition in the second half of 2021, thereby expanding the strategic positioning of the company and achieving significant earnings growth.The Executive Board of the mVISE AG (Deutsche Börse Scale, WKN 620458, ISIN DE0006204589) today passed a resolution, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to implement a capital increase against cash contributions using the authorized capital 2018, excluding the subscription rights of existing shareholders. In this context, the Company's share capital of currently EUR 8,952,918.00 is to be increased by up to EUR 895,291.00 (corresponds to 10% of the share capital) to up to EUR 9,848,209.00 by issuing up to 895,291 new no-par value bearer shares. The new shares will be offered exclusively to selected qualified investors.The final placement volume and the placement price will be determined by the Executive Board with the approval of the Supervisory Board after completion of the placement process.The new shares will carry dividend rights from January 1, 2021. They are to be admitted to trading without a prospectus and included in the existing listing on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The transaction is being accompanied by BankM AG and is expected to be completed in the next few days.According to the resolution of today's Supervisory Board meeting, the net proceeds from the capital increase will be used to prepare for further inorganic growth as part of the mVISE GROWTH 2021/22 strategy.For this reason, the mVISE AG will hold the 2021 Annual General Meeting in the 2nd half of 2021. The notice period for convening an Annual General Meeting may continue to be shortened to 21 days - in deviation from Section 123 I AktG (German Stock Corporation Act). The Annual General Meeting may - in deviation from § 175 I 3 AktG (German Stock Corporation Act) - be held within twelve months of the end of the financial year. (§ 1 III, V COVMG). 08-Jun-2021 CET/CEST The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements, Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.dgap.de",neutral,0.35,0.64,0.01,mixed,0.42,0.28,0.3,True,English,"['mVISE AG', 'mVISE AG', 'mVISE AG', 'DGAP', 'EQS Group AG', 'Supervisory Board', 'Executive Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'mVISE AG', 'Board', 'mVISE AG', 'Supervisory Board', 'Executive Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'BankM AG', 'Supervisory Board', 'mVISE AG', 'DGAP']","['cash capital increase', 'strategy mVISE GROWTH', 'mVISE AG', 'Deutsche Börse Scale', 'German Stock Corporation Act', 'par value bearer shares', 'The DGAP Distribution Services', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'mVISE GROWTH 2021/22 strategy', '2021 Annual General Meeting', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'significant earnings growth', 'strategy mVISE GROWTH', 'final placement volume', 'EQS Group AG', 'Section 123 I AktG', 'Supervisory Board meeting', 'Strategic Company Decision', 'cash capital increase', 'I 3 AktG', 'inorganic growth', 'mVISE AG', 'strategic positioning', 'cash contributions', 'placement price', 'placement process', 'new shares', 'Executive Board', 'BankM AG', 'Key word', 'inside information', 'value-creating acquisition', 'second half', 'subscription rights', 'existing shareholders', 'share capital', 'qualified investors', 'dividend rights', 'existing listing', 'net proceeds', '2nd half', 'notice period', 'twelve months', 'financial year', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Corporate News', 'Press Releases', '291 new', 'Disclosure', 'Article', '17 MAR', 'Regulation', 'issuer', 'content', 'today', 'aim', 'integration', 'merger', 'WKN', 'ISIN', 'resolution', 'approval', 'context', 'completion', 'January', 'prospectus', 'transaction', 'next', 'days', 'part', 'reason', 'deviation', 'COVMG', 'Jun', 'CET', 'CEST', 'Archive', '895', '§']",2021-06-08,uk.finance.yahoo.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1102229473/International-bond-exchange-traded-fund-investors-to-access-USD25T-Saudi-market,"International bond, exchange traded fund investors to access USD2.5T Saudi market","( MENAFN )International bond and exchange traded fund investors are going to access the USD2.5 trillion Saudi markets with no need to apply for special status.Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Börse Group, is going to connect the Saudi capital market to its network after collaborating with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa), a unit of the Saudi Tadawul Group.Clearstream is considered the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to create international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the region’s biggest bond sales.It further stated that qualified clients will be given the admission and trade on the Saudi Exchange commencing June 14.","( MENAFN )International bond and exchange traded fund investors are going to access the USD2.5 trillion Saudi markets with no need to apply for special status.Clearstream, the post-trading services provider of Deutsche Börse Group, is going to connect the Saudi capital market to its network after collaborating with the Securities Depository Center Company (Edaa), a unit of the Saudi Tadawul Group.Clearstream is considered the first International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) to create international investors access to the Saudi capital market — home to some of the region’s biggest bond sales.It further stated that qualified clients will be given the admission and trade on the Saudi Exchange commencing June 14.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['MENAFN', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Edaa', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'Clearstream', 'International Central Securities Depository', 'ICSD', 'Saudi Exchange']","['USD2.5T Saudi market', 'International bond', 'fund investors', 'Securities Depository Center Company', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'USD2.5 trillion Saudi markets', 'International Central Securities Depository', 'exchange traded fund investors', 'Saudi Tadawul Group', 'international investors access', 'post-trading services provider', 'Saudi capital market', 'biggest bond sales', 'Saudi Exchange', 'International bond', 'special status', 'qualified clients', 'MENAFN', 'need', 'Clearstream', 'network', 'Edaa', 'unit', 'ICSD', 'region', 'admission']",2021-06-08,menafn.com,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,Two Heroines are Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2021 and will Feature in an Exhibi…,,Two Heroines are Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2021 and will Feature in an Exhibi…,neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,True,English,[],"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Two Heroines', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Two Heroines']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,"📷🖼""Open Saturday” is back! Visit our current exhibitions “RAY 2021. Ideologies – Us and Them” and “Deutsche Börse P…",,"📷🖼""Open Saturday” is back! Visit our current exhibitions “RAY 2021. Ideologies – Us and Them” and “Deutsche Börse P…",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Deutsche Börse']","['Deutsche Börse P', 'current exhibitions', 'Saturday', 'RAY', 'Ideologies', 'Us', 'Them', 'Deutsche Börse P', 'current exhibitions', 'Saturday', 'RAY', 'Ideologies', 'Us', 'Them']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,Euronext‚ as Paris exchanges‚ the derivatives Deutsche with Boerse's Liffe. Amsterdam‚ international Lisbon which…,,Euronext‚ as Paris exchanges‚ the derivatives Deutsche with Boerse's Liffe. Amsterdam‚ international Lisbon which…,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext', 'Boerse', 'Euronext', 'Boerse']","['Paris exchanges', 'derivatives Deutsche', 'Euronext', 'Boerse', 'Liffe', 'Amsterdam', 'Lisbon', 'Paris exchanges', 'derivatives Deutsche', 'Euronext', 'Boerse', 'Liffe', 'Amsterdam', 'Lisbon']",2021-06-10,Unknown,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,Eurex Repo sees Repo Market and GC Pooling decline The Deutsche Börse-owned marketplace for international secured f…,,Eurex Repo sees Repo Market and GC Pooling decline The Deutsche Börse-owned marketplace for international secured f…,neutral,0.29,0.64,0.07,neutral,0.29,0.64,0.07,True,English,"['Eurex Repo', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Eurex Repo', 'Deutsche Börse']","['The Deutsche Börse-owned marketplace', 'Eurex Repo', 'Repo Market', 'GC Pooling', 'international', 'The Deutsche Börse-owned marketplace', 'Eurex Repo', 'Repo Market', 'GC Pooling', 'international']",2021-06-09,Unknown,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Adds Three New Crypto ETNs via CoinShares Investors at the German marketplace can now access the per…,,Deutsche Börse Adds Three New Crypto ETNs via CoinShares Investors at the German marketplace can now access the per…,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShares', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShares']","['Three New Crypto ETNs', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShares Investors', 'German marketplace', 'per', 'Three New Crypto ETNs', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShares Investors', 'German marketplace', 'per']",2021-06-08,Unknown,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,"The excited utterance tortfeasor is providing support at the Deutsche Börse, possible ploy by Margaret Thatcher's e…",,"The excited utterance tortfeasor is providing support at the Deutsche Börse, possible ploy by Margaret Thatcher's e…",positive,0.61,0.35,0.04,positive,0.61,0.35,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Deutsche Börse']","['excited utterance tortfeasor', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Margaret Thatcher', 'support', 'ploy', 'excited utterance tortfeasor', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Margaret Thatcher', 'support', 'ploy']",2021-06-08,Unknown,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Adds Three New Crypto ETNs via CoinShares: Investors at the German marketplace can now access the pe…,,Deutsche Börse Adds Three New Crypto ETNs via CoinShares: Investors at the German marketplace can now access the pe…,neutral,0.09,0.87,0.04,neutral,0.09,0.87,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Deutsche Börse']","['Three New Crypto ETNs', 'Deutsche Börse', 'German marketplace', 'CoinShares', 'Investors', 'Three New Crypto ETNs', 'Deutsche Börse', 'German marketplace', 'CoinShares', 'Investors']",2021-06-08,Unknown,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,CoinShares Issues Three Crypto ETNs on Deutsche Boerse -   fintech  news  trading,,CoinShares Issues Three Crypto ETNs on Deutsche Boerse -   fintech  news  trading,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['CoinShares', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'CoinShares', 'Deutsche Boerse']","['Three Crypto ETNs', 'fintech  news  trading', 'CoinShares Issues', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Three Crypto ETNs', 'fintech  news  trading', 'CoinShares Issues', 'Deutsche Boerse']",2021-06-08,Unknown,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Adds Three New Crypto ETNs via CoinShares Investors at the German marketplace can now access the p…,,Deutsche Börse Adds Three New Crypto ETNs via CoinShares Investors at the German marketplace can now access the p…,neutral,0.07,0.85,0.08,neutral,0.07,0.85,0.08,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShares', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShares']","['Three New Crypto ETNs', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShares Investors', 'German marketplace', 'Three New Crypto ETNs', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CoinShares Investors', 'German marketplace']",2021-06-07,Unknown,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,CoinShares lists physically-backed crypto ETPs on German exchange: Deutsche Boerse Xetra is listing CoinShares phys…,,CoinShares lists physically-backed crypto ETPs on German exchange: Deutsche Boerse Xetra is listing CoinShares phys…,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['CoinShares', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'CoinShares', 'CoinShares', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'CoinShares']","['backed crypto ETPs', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'German exchange', 'CoinShares', 'backed crypto ETPs', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'German exchange', 'CoinShares']",2021-06-07,Unknown,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,CoinShares lists physically backed crypto ETPs on German exchange: Deutsche Boerse Xetra is listing CoinShares phys…,,CoinShares lists physically backed crypto ETPs on German exchange: Deutsche Boerse Xetra is listing CoinShares phys…,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['CoinShares', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'CoinShares', 'CoinShares', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'CoinShares']","['Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'crypto ETPs', 'German exchange', 'CoinShares', 'listing', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'crypto ETPs', 'German exchange', 'CoinShares', 'listing']",2021-06-07,Unknown,Euroclear
