Searchword,Searchword_ID,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Topics,Date,key
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.reuters.com/business/euroclear-reversing-payments-mistakenly-made-unicredit-bonds-2021-05-26/,Euroclear reversing payments mistakenly made on UniCredit ...,Clearinghouse Euroclear said it had mistakenly credited the payment of coupons on some financial instruments Italy's UniCredit (CRDI.MI) had opted not to pay ...,Clearinghouse Euroclear said it had mistakenly credited the payment of coupons on some financial instruments Italy's UniCredit (CRDI.MI) had opted not to pay ...,,2021-05-27,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.globalcapital.com/article/b1s0glf82fjphr/euroclear-creates-confusion-over-unpaid-unicredit-coupon,Euroclear creates confusion over unpaid UniCredit coupon,"Euroclear mistakenly credited investors with interest on one of UniCredit’s legacy capital deals this week, shortly after the Italian bank made a controversial decision to skip the coupon.The asset servicer is in the process of reversing its error.UniCredit caused a bit of a stir last week, when it said it would not pay the interest due on its convertible and subordinated hybrid equity-linked securities (Cashes).According to the terms and conditions of the bonds, the issuer has a right to skip the coupon because ...","Euroclear mistakenly credited investors with interest on one of UniCredit’s legacy capital deals this week, shortly after the Italian bank made a controversial decision to skip the coupon. The asset servicer is in the process of reversing its error.UniCredit caused a bit of a stir last week, when it said it would not pay the interest due on its convertible and subordinated hybrid equity-linked securities (Cashes).According to the terms and conditions of the bonds, the issuer has a right to skip the coupon because ...","['skip', 'confusion', 'servicer', 'subordinated', 'unicredit', 'stir', 'euroclear', 'shortly', 'terms', 'interest', 'unpaid', 'unicredits', 'creates', 'week', 'coupon']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.financemagnates.com/executives/moves/euroclear-sweden-hires-jorgen-olofsson-as-new-chief-information-officer/,Euroclear Sweden Hires Jörgen Olofsson as New Chief Information Officer,"Euroclear, a Belgium-based securities clearing firm, announced a new Chief Information Officer appointment for its Swedish branch.As part of its role in the securities clearing firm, Olofsson will be part of the Euroclear Sweden Executive Committee.As CIO, he will report to the Euroclear Sweden CEO.Suggested articles Earn Passive Income with Nhash Cloud Mining ServicesGo to article >>Founded in 1968, the Euroclear group includes Euroclear Bank, Euroclear Belgium, Euroclear Finland, Euroclear France, Euroclear Nederland, Euroclear Sweden, and Euroclear UK & Ireland.Euroclear Business Figures in 2020Furthermore, Euroclear had been reporting solid business income growth figures in its latest 2020 report.","Euroclear, a Belgium-based securities clearing firm, announced a new Chief Information Officer appointment for its Swedish branch. Jörgen Olofsson will take the lead of the IT department of the group after holding senior positions at tax authorities in Sweden, according to a press release.Olofsson worked as CIO at Enento and Svenska Spel, as well as the Swedish Defense. “I am very pleased to welcome Jörgen to Euroclear. His digital transformation expertise and leadership in system modernization and change programs will be a true value-add for our business,” Roger Storm, Euroclear Sweden´s CEO, said in the announcement.Looking Forward to Meeting You at iFX EXPO Dubai May 2021 – Making It Happen!As part of its role in the securities clearing firm, Olofsson will be part of the Euroclear Sweden Executive Committee. As CIO, he will report to the Euroclear Sweden CEO. Additionally, the company said he would join Euroclear in November.Suggested articles Earn Passive Income with Nhash Cloud Mining ServicesGo to article >>Founded in 1968, the Euroclear group includes Euroclear Bank, Euroclear Belgium, Euroclear Finland, Euroclear France, Euroclear Nederland, Euroclear Sweden, and Euroclear UK & Ireland. In March, Finance Magnates reported the securities clearing firm’s announcement of acquiring MFEX Group, a digital fund distribution platform, for an undisclosed amount.The platform has as a majority stakeholder, the Nordic Capital.Euroclear Business Figures in 2020Furthermore, Euroclear had been reporting solid business income growth figures in its latest 2020 report. Its financial performance jumped by 12% in terms of business income, compared to 2019 figures. Also, business income rose to €1.28 billion, but interest, banking and other income dropped by nearly 48% to €150 million, which is mainly due to the negative impact of the lower interest rate environment.On the other hand, the operating costs surged by 5% to €862 million due to investments in technology upgrades. Moreover, the net profit stayed flat at €432 million, according to the report released by the securities clearing firm, while business income operating margin rose 4.3 percentage points to 32.7%.","['sweden', 'income', 'jörgen', 'securities', 'euroclear', 'business', 'group', 'million', 'officer', 'information', 'hires', 'firm', 'olofsson', 'report', 'chief', 'clearing']",2021-05-29,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/peoplemovesarticle.php?article_id=11877&navigationaction=peoplemovesnews&newssection=People%20Moves,Euroclear Sweden appoints new chief technology officer,"Euroclear Sweden appoints new chief technology officerEuroclear Sweden has appointed Jörgen Olofsson as the new chief technology officer and chief information officer, effective in November.Olofsson will be part of the Euroclear Sweden Executive Committee and will be reporting to the Euroclear Sweden CEO Rodger StormCurrently, he serves as group chief information officer at Enento Group.Olofsson has also held various senior positions at the Swedish Tax Authority and the Swedish Defence.Commenting on the appointment, Storm says: ""I am very pleased to welcome Jörgen Olofsson to Euroclear.Last month, Euroclear’s three central securities depositories in France, Belgium and the Netherlands (ESES CSDs) rolled out a new shareholder identification service called InvestorInsight.","Euroclear Sweden appoints new chief technology officerEuroclear Sweden has appointed Jörgen Olofsson as the new chief technology officer and chief information officer, effective in November.Olofsson will be part of the Euroclear Sweden Executive Committee and will be reporting to the Euroclear Sweden CEO Rodger StormCurrently, he serves as group chief information officer at Enento Group. He has also gained extensive IT experience from Svenska Spel.Olofsson has also held various senior positions at the Swedish Tax Authority and the Swedish Defence.Commenting on the appointment, Storm says: ""I am very pleased to welcome Jörgen Olofsson to Euroclear. His digital transformation expertise and leadership in system modernisation and change programs will be a true value-add for our business.”Olofsson is replacing Kamal Iberraken who has been in the role for five years and is returning to the Euroclear parent company in Brussels.Last month, Euroclear’s three central securities depositories in France, Belgium and the Netherlands (ESES CSDs) rolled out a new shareholder identification service called InvestorInsight.","['sweden', 'jörgen', 'euroclear', 'swedish', 'group', 'appoints', 'officer', 'information', 'olofsson', 'technology', 'chief']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2021/05/31/2238624/0/en/Invitation-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Coinshares-International-Limited.html,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of Coinshares International Limited,"NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF COINSHARES INTERNATIONAL LIMITEDShareholders of CoinShares International Limited are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting 2021.The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB, by post to CoinShares c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, P.O.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy, a power of attorney must be attached to the postal voting form (see below).Such continued general meeting shall take place if the extraordinary general meeting so resolves or if shareholders representing at least one-tenth of all shares in the Company so requests.If postal voting is made by proxy, a power of attorney must be attached to the postal voting form.","NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF COINSHARES INTERNATIONAL LIMITEDShareholders of CoinShares International Limited are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting 2021.PLACE: CoinShares Head OfficeADDRESS: 2nd Floor, 2 Hill Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE2 4UATIME: Monday, 28 June 2021 at 11:00 BSTDue to the risk of the spread of COVID-19 and the authorities’ regulations/advice on avoiding gatherings, the Board of Directors has decided that the annual general meeting (“AGM”) will be held without physical presence, with shareholders exercising their voting rights via posting voting only. Information on the resolutions passed at the AGM will be disclosed on Monday, 28 June 2021, as soon as the outcome of the postal voting has been confirmed.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND NOTIFICATIONShareholders who wish to participate in the AGM must:be recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date, Thursday, 17 June 2021; and give notice of their intention to participate no later than Tuesday, 22 June 2021, by submitting their postal votes in accordance with the instructions below, so that the postal voting form is received by the Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 22 June 2021.SHARES REGISTERED WITH NOMINEESFor shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee, the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation by submitting its postal vote, such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Thursday, 17 June 2021. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration). Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must, in accordance with the respective nominee’s routines, request that the nominee make such registration.POSTAL VOTINGShareholders may exercise their voting rights by voting in advance, so-called postal voting, to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A digital form must be used for the postal vote. The postal voting form is available on the Company’s website, -relations. Please note that a separate notice shall not be made, as the completed and signed postal voting form is considered notice of participation at the meeting.The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB, by post to CoinShares c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm or via email to Generalmeetingserviceeuroclear.com no later than Tuesday, 22 June 2021. If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy, a power of attorney must be attached to the postal voting form (see below). If the shareholder is a legal person, a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so, the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.Shareholders may in the postal voting form request that one or more of the items on the proposed agenda below be deferred to a continued general meeting, which may not be carried out solely through postal voting. Such continued general meeting shall take place if the extraordinary general meeting so resolves or if shareholders representing at least one-tenth of all shares in the Company so requests.POWERS OF ATTORNEYShareholders wishing to submit their postal votes by proxy must issue a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder. Proxy forms are available on the Company’s website, -relations. If postal voting is made by proxy, a power of attorney must be attached to the postal voting form. If the shareholder is a legal person, a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.The power of attorney is valid for a maximum of one year from the date of issuance, unless a longer period of validity is specified in the power of attorney. Such longer period may, however, not exceed five years from the date of issuance.PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the AGM Election of the Chair of the AGM Approval of the Agenda Confirmation of whether the Meeting has been duly convened Resolution to adopt the income statement, balance sheet, consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Election of the Board Directors Election of the auditor Determination of remuneration for the auditor Decisions regarding the Nomination Committee Closing of the AGMPROPOSED RESOLUTIONSItem 5 – Resolution to adopt the income statement, balance sheet, consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheetIt is proposed that the income statement, balance sheet, consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet be adopted by the Company.Items 6, 7 and 8 – Election of Directors and Auditors, and fees to the AuditorsThe Board consists of four members with no deputies. It is proposed to re-elect board members Jean-Marie Mognetti, Carsten Køppen and Johan Lundberg and to re-elect Daniel Masters as the Board Chairman.It is proposed to re-elect Baker Tilly Channel Islands Limited as the Company’s auditors.It is proposed that the remuneration to the auditor shall be set at the discretion of the Board of Directors.Item 9 – Decisions regarding the Nomination CommitteeIt is proposed that no formal nomination committee be appointed for 2021. Such decision to be revisited at the 2022 AGM.OTHERNumber of Shares and Votes in the CompanyAs of the date of this notice, the total number of shares in the Company is 66,551,863, representing a total of 66,551,863 votes. The Company does not hold any of its own shares.AVAILABLE DOCUMENTSThe form of proxy, financial statements, auditors’ report and the complete proposal for decisions and other documents required under Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended, will be published on coinshares.com and will be available at the Company’s offices in Jersey from 31 May 2021 and sent to shareholders who so request and state their address.---------------Jersey, May 2021CoinShares International LimitedThe Board of DirectorsAbout CoinSharesCoinShares is Europe’s largest digital asset investment firm, managing billions of assets on behalf of its client base. The Group is focused on expanding investor access to the digital asset ecosystem by pioneering new financial products and services that seek to provide trust and transparency when accessing this new asset class.For more information on CoinShares, please visit:  | +44 (0)1534 513 100 | enquiriescoinshares.comInvestor Relations – Jay Morakis | +1 (0)646 859 5951|Certified Advisor – Mangold Fondkommission AB | +46 (0)8 503 015 50 | camangold.seProxy Support – Euroclear Sweden AB | + 46 (0)8 402 9133 |Attachments","['form', 'sweden', '2021', 'limited', 'ab', 'statement', 'meeting', 'coinshares', 'board', 'international', 'invitation', 'postal', 'voting', 'general', 'annual']",2021-05-31,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://leaderpost.com/pmn/business-pmn/euroclear-seeks-to-reverse-mistaken-unicredit-bond-credits,UniCredit Investors Already Fuming Want Coupon Flub Answers,"Share this Story: UniCredit Investors Already Fuming Want Coupon Flub AnswersUniCredit Investors Already Fuming Want Coupon Flub AnswersArticle content (Bloomberg) — It was Euroclear’s fault, but the latest twist in UniCredit SpA’s coupon fiasco is exacerbating investors’ frustrations with the bank.Try refreshing your browser, or UniCredit Investors Already Fuming Want Coupon Flub Answers Back to video Then, just days later as investors were still absorbing the news, it emerged that some holders had in fact received notice of payment.Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Article content The decision not to pay the coupon for the 2.98-billion-euro note risks alienating investors just weeks into his time in charge.Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.","Share this Story: UniCredit Investors Already Fuming Want Coupon Flub AnswersUniCredit Investors Already Fuming Want Coupon Flub AnswersArticle content (Bloomberg) — It was Euroclear’s fault, but the latest twist in UniCredit SpA’s coupon fiasco is exacerbating investors’ frustrations with the bank. The drama began last week. Chief Executive Officer Andrea Orcel — who’s been in the job a little over a month — surprised bondholders when he decided not to pay a coupon of about 30 million euros ($37 million) due this week on legacy bonds, on the grounds that the bank made a loss last year. Investors had been assured on earnings calls this year that it would be honored. We apologize, but this video has failed to load.tap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or UniCredit Investors Already Fuming Want Coupon Flub Answers Back to video Then, just days later as investors were still absorbing the news, it emerged that some holders had in fact received notice of payment. It turned out to be a Euroclear error. The firm that specializes in the settlement of securities transactions is now seeking to reverse the credits. “It’s a sad saga and inevitably will have consequences for its reputation, though it’s too soon to tell the impact on its cost of funding,” said Filippo Alloatti, a senior credit analyst at Federated Hermes. “It’s a little bit premature to put it all on Orcel or the management team but I’d like to see a statement from the CEO explaining the decision process.” For Orcel, the debacle is denting what would have been another signal of a high-energy start to his tenure. In just over a month in charge the Italian has already slimmed down the management ranks and cut down on co-head structures to simplify decision making — all while embroiled in a high profile court case in Spain over millions of dollars in lost pay.Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Article content The decision not to pay the coupon for the 2.98-billion-euro note risks alienating investors just weeks into his time in charge. Debt investors didn’t see the move coming, and the step sent bonds plunging. The bonds fell more than 1.35 cents on the euro to about 50.3 on Wednesday, according to prices compiled by Bloomberg. “The issuer’s reputation suffers from this kind of approach,” said Andreas Meyer, a fund manager at Aramea Asset Management, who oversees more than 2 billion euros in bonds including UniCredit’s. “We will be very critical at UniCredit’s next issue and take this incident into consideration when deciding whether to invest.” The bank wasted no time in testing investor appetite, tapping the dollar-bond market with a $2 billion offering on Wednesday. The debt was sold even as recent events had deterred some investors including Federated Hermes, which holds the bank’s CASHES bonds, from even considering participating in the issue. The order book had reached as much as $7 billion across two tranches earlier in the day in New York before the sale was wrapped up, according to a person familiar with the deal. Even though blame for the latest mishap can be laid at Euroclear’s door, it only happened because UniCredit surprised investors in the first place, said Jerome Legras, a managing partner and head of research at ‎Axiom Alternative Investments, which also holds the Cashes bonds. Last week, the Italian lender had sent a notice that it decided not to pay the debt coupon to Mediobanca SpA, its main depositary bank, and Mitsubishi UFJ Investor Services & Banking (Luxembourg) SA, which is acting on a fiduciary basis on the notes, according to people with knowledge of the matter.Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Article content Mitsubishi alerted the settlement agents including Euroclear about the decision, before the erroneous transactions were processed, the people said. Euroclear informed clients on May 19 of the news, but “due to an internal processing error, nevertheless provisional credits were made and became visible to clients,” it said in a statement to Bloomberg. It’s embarrassing for UniCredit, “even if it isn’t their fault,” said Legras. A spokesperson for UniCredit declined to comment beyond an earlier statement in which the bank reiterated its decision not to settle the coupon, and it hasn’t given anyone a mandate to do so. A spokesman for Mediobanca declined to comment, and MUFJ Investor Services didn’t respond to a request for comment. UniCredit’s CASHES, short for Convertible and Subordinated Hybrid Equity-Linked Securities, are highly complex securities issued more than a decade ago in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Investors in this type of legacy bond contend not only with unpredictable decisions by lenders, but also labyrinthine regulations and often-tortuous terms that can be interpreted in different ways. ©2021 Bloomberg L.P. Bloomberg.comShare this article in your social networkLatest National Stories Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Regina Leader Post Headline News Sign up to receive daily headline news from Regina Leader-Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it please check your junk folder. The next issue of Regina Leader Post Headline News will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try againTrending","['investors', 'answers', 'decision', 'issue', 'unicredit', 'bonds', 'flub', 'bank', 'article', 'continues', 'fuming', 'bloomberg', 'coupon']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2021/05/26/2236759/0/en/Notice-of-Saniona-AB-extraordinary-shareholders-meeting.html,Notice of Saniona AB extraordinary shareholders' meeting,"556962-5345, are hereby invited to the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting (Sw. extra bolagsstämma) to be held on Tuesday 29 June 2021.This means that the meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders, proxies or external parties and that shareholders' exercise of voting rights at the meeting can only take place by advance shareholders voting in the order prescribed below.The advance voting form is considered as the notification of attendance to the meeting.The completed and signed form shall be sent to Saniona AB, Smedeland 26B, DK-2600 Glostrup, Denmark.The number of shares shall be not less than 62,300,000 shares and not more than 249,200,000 shares.","English SwedishPRESS RELEASEMay 26, 2021The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation, the Swedish text shall prevail.The shareholders in Saniona AB, Reg. No. 556962-5345, are hereby invited to the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting (Sw. extra bolagsstämma) to be held on Tuesday 29 June 2021.In light of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic and in order to reduce the risk of infection spreading, the board of directors has resolved that the meeting will be held only by advance voting (postal vote) in accordance with temporary legislation. This means that the meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders, proxies or external parties and that shareholders' exercise of voting rights at the meeting can only take place by advance shareholders voting in the order prescribed below. Information on the resolutions passed by the meeting will be published on Tuesday 29 June 2021, as soon as the outcome of the advance voting is finally compiled.Right to participate and notice of participationShareholders wishing to participate in the meeting by advance voting must:be registered in the company’s share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Securities Register Center) as of Friday 18 June 2021; andhave notified their participation no later than Monday 28 June 2021 by casting their advance vote to the company in accordance with the instructions under the heading “Voting in advance” below so that the advance vote is received by the company no later than that day.Trustee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are trustee-registered in the name of a bank or other trustee must request the trustee to register their shares in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB (so called “voting rights registration”), to be able to exercise their voting rights at the meeting by advance voting. Such voting rights registration must be implemented by the trustee no later than Tuesday 22 June 2021. In advance of this date, shareholders must notify their trustee of their request of such voting rights registration.Voting in advanceShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the meeting only by voting in advance, so called postal voting in accordance with Section 22 of the Act (2020:198) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of shareholders’ meetings in companies and other associations. A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on the company’s website ( www.saniona.com ). The advance voting form is considered as the notification of attendance to the meeting. The completed voting form must be submitted to the company no later than Monday 28 June 2021. The completed and signed form shall be sent to Saniona AB, Smedeland 26B, DK-2600 Glostrup, Denmark. A completed form may also be submitted electronically and is to be sent to CLOsaniona.com. If a shareholder votes in advance through a proxy, a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the form. A proxy form is available on the company's website ( www.saniona.com ). If the shareholder is a legal entity, a registration certificate or equivalent document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so, the vote will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the advance voting form.Proposed agenda0. Opening of the meeting.1. Election of chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.5. Consideration as to whether the meeting has been duly convened.6. Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association.7. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors regarding issues.8. Closing of the meeting.Resolution proposalsItem 1: Election of chairman of the meetingThe board of directors proposes that attorney Ola Grahn is elected as chairman of the meeting, or, in his absence, the person appointed by the board of directors instead.Item 2: Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list that is proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by the company, based on the share register of the meeting and received advance votes, controlled by the person verifying the minutes of the meeting.Item 4: Election of one or two persons to verify the minutesJohn Haurum, representing New Leaf Ventures, is proposed to, together with the chairman, verify the minutes of the meeting, or, in his absence, the person appointed by the board of directors instead. The assignment to verify the minutes also includes controlling the voting list and that received advance votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes.Item 6: Resolution on amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe board of directors proposes that the meeting resolves to amend the company’s Articles of Association in accordance with the following:§ 4 Share capital and number of sharesCurrent wordingThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 1,470,000 and not more than SEK 5,880,000. The number of shares shall be not less than 29,400,000 shares and not more than 117,600,000 shares.Proposed wordingThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 3,115,000 and not more than SEK 12,460,000. The number of shares shall be not less than 62,300,000 shares and not more than 249,200,000 shares.The company’s CEO shall be authorized to make such minor formal adjustments of the resolution as might be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).Item 7: Resolution on authorization for the board of directors regarding issuesThe board of directors proposes that the meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors, within the limits of the company’s Articles of Association, at one or several occasions, during the time up until the next annual shareholders’ meeting, with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights, to resolve to issue new shares, warrants and/or convertibles. An issue should be able to be made with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind, set-off or other conditions. In case the authorization is used for an issue with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights, the subscription price shall be on market terms (subject to customary new issue discount, as applicable). The purpose of the authorization is to be able to source working capital, to be able to execute and finance acquisitions of companies and assets as well as to enable new issues to industrial partners within the framework of partnerships and alliances.The company’s CEO shall be authorized to make such minor formal adjustments of the resolution as might be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).Particular majority requirementsFor valid resolutions on the proposals pursuant to items 6 and 7, the proposals have to be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall, if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believes that it can be done without significant harm to the company, provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda. Requests for such information must be submitted via e-mail to CLOsaniona.com or by post to Saniona AB, Smedeland 26B, DK-2600 Glostrup, Denmark, no later than Saturday 19 June 2021. The information is provided by keeping it available at the company's office and website, no later than Thursday 24 June 2021. The information will also be sent within the same time to the shareholders who have requested it and provided their postal or e-mail address.Meeting documentsThe complete proposals for resolutions and other documents for the meeting, are presented by keeping them available at the company’s office at Smedeland 26B, DK-2600 Glostrup, Denmark and at the company’s website ( www.saniona.com ) as from no later than three weeks prior to the meeting, and will also be sent to shareholders who request it and provide their address. The share register of the meeting will also be available at the company’s office.Number of shares and votes in the companyThe total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 62,385,677. The company does not hold any own shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed, see -notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .____________________Malmö in May 2021Saniona AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information, please contactTrista Morrison, Chief Communications Officer, Saniona. Office: + 1 (781) 810-9227. Email: trista.morrisonsaniona.comThis information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, at 19.30 CEST on May 26, 2021.About SanionaSaniona is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing, and delivering innovative treatments for rare disease patients around the world. The company’s lead product candidate, Tesomet, is in mid-stage clinical trials for hypothalamic obesity and Prader-Willi syndrome, severe rare disorders characterized by uncontrollable hunger and intractable weight gain. Saniona’s robust drug discovery engine has generated a library now consisting of more than 20,000 proprietary modulators of ion channels, a significantly untapped drug class that is scientifically validated. Lead candidate SAN711 is entering Phase 1 for rare neuropathic disorders, with SAN903 for rare inflammatory and fibrotic disorders advancing through preclinical development. Led by an experienced scientific and operational team, Saniona has an established research organization in Copenhagen, Denmark and is building its corporate office in the Boston, Massachusetts area, U.S. The company’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Small Cap (OMX: SANION). Read more at www.saniona.com.Attachment","['shareholders', 'form', 'notice', 'ab', 'meeting', 'board', 'directors', 'advance', 'companys', 'shares', 'extraordinary', 'voting', 'saniona', 'shall']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEDIA-AND-GAMES-INVEST-PL-59968161/news/PRESS-RELEASE-nbsp-Media-and-Games-Invest-plc-Notice-and-Agenda-of-an-Annual-General-Meeting-33348986/,PRESS RELEASE : Media and Games Invest plc: Notice and Agenda of an Annual General Meeting,"DGAP-News: Media and Games Invest plc / Key word(s): AGM/EGM Media and Games Invest plc: Notice and Agenda of an Annual General Meeting 2021-05-25 / 17:50 The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.in person attendance by the proxy) and vote on the shareholder's behalf by completing the ""Shareholder Details"" AND ""Section 2 - Proxy Form"" sections of Attendance / Proxy Form (available on the Company's website at: -meeting/.Shareholders appointing a proxy must clearly indicate whether the proxy is to vote as she/he wishes or in accordance with the voting instructions sheet attached to the Attendance / Proxy Form.Accordingly, any Shareholder who wishes to attend and/or vote at the Meeting must follow the instructions set out above.- Shareholders must follow the Attendance / Proxy Form submission instructions and the deadline set out above.","DGAP-News: Media and Games Invest plc / Key word(s): AGM/EGM Media and Games Invest plc: Notice and Agenda of an Annual General Meeting 2021-05-25 / 17:50 The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- MEDIA AND GAMES INVEST SE (SE 15) 168, St Christopher Street, Valletta VLT1467, Malta Notice and Agenda of an Annual General Meeting NOTICE is hereby given to all members of Media and Games Invest SE (the ""Company"" or ""MGI"") in terms of Article 30 of the Company's Articles of Association that an ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of the Company shall be held on 8 July 2021 at 10:00 (CEST) at 168, St Christopher Street, Valletta, VLT 1467, Malta (the ""Meeting"") General Instructions and Record Date - As the Company's shares (""Shares"") are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Premier in Sweden and the Scale segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in Germany, which markets are affiliated with different central securities depositories (""CSDs""), namely Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") and Clearstream Banking AG (""Clearstream"") respectively, shareholders are required to follow different procedures to participate at the Meeting (whether in person or by proxy). Shareholders whose Shares are held through Euroclear are required to follow instructions marked in RED, while shareholders whose Shares are held through Clearstream or through any other CSD are required to follow the instructions marked in BLUE. Instructions not marked in any colour apply to all Shareholders, irrespective of the CSD through which the relevant Shares are held. Shareholders who hold Shares through multiple CSDs will need to follow the relevant instructions in respect of the relevant CSD through which each particular block of Shares is held. Shareholders who are unsure as to the procedures to be followed should seek the advice of their custodian/s or nominee/ s. - To be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting (in person or by proxy) and for the Company to be able to determine the number of votes that may be cast, a shareholder must be entered in the Company's register of members maintained by Euroclear, or must otherwise be indicated as a holder of Shares in the register or records maintained by Clearstream (or any other relevant CSD), as applicable, as at 8 June 2021 (the ""Record Date""). - Shareholders whose Shares are registered in the name of a custodian or nominee may be required by their respective custodian/s or nominee/s to temporarily re-register their Shares in their own name in the relevant register of members in order to be entitled to attend and vote (in person or by proxy) at the Meeting. Any such re-registration would need to be effected by the Record Date. Shareholders should therefore liaise with and instruct their custodian/s or nominee/ s well in advance. Instructions for Attendance (In-Person or by Proxy) and Voting - To attend and vote at the Meeting in person, shareholders are required to complete the ""Shareholder Details"" AND "" Section 1 - Attendance Form"" sections of Attendance / Proxy Form, which form is available on the Company's website at: -meeting/ - A shareholder is also entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend the Meeting (i.e. in person attendance by the proxy) and vote on the shareholder's behalf by completing the ""Shareholder Details"" AND ""Section 2 - Proxy Form"" sections of Attendance / Proxy Form (available on the Company's website at: -meeting/. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. Where the shareholder is an individual, the form must be signed by her/ him. Where the shareholder is a corporation, the form must be signed by a duly authorised officer of the corporation and a certified copy of a certificate of registration (or similar document evidencing the signatory right of the officer signing the form) must be submitted together with the signed form. Shareholders appointing a proxy must clearly indicate whether the proxy is to vote as she/he wishes or in accordance with the voting instructions sheet attached to the Attendance / Proxy Form. - Shareholders whose Shares are held through Euroclear must submit their signed Attendance / Proxy Form (and, if applicable certified copies of certificates of registration or similar), by no later than the Record Date, to Euroclear by mail to: Media and Games Invest SE, c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingServiceeuroclear.com. - Shareholders whose Shares are held through Clearstream (or any other CSD) should consult their custodian or nominee about the process they must follow in order to submit their signed Attendance / Proxy Form (and, if applicable certified copies of certificates of registration or similar) and should, in any case, ensure that their Attendance / Proxy Form is submitted to the relevant CSD by no later than the Record Date for processing and onward transmission to the Malta Stock Exchange (as 'issuer CSD'). - DUE TO COVID-19 TRAVEL AND OTHER RESTRICTIONS THAT ARE LIKELY TO BE IN PLACE AT THE TIME OF THE MEETING, SHAREHOLDERS OR THEIR PROXIES MAY BE UNABLE TO TRAVEL AND ATTEND THE MEETING IN PERSON AND/OR THE COMPANY MAY BE REQUIRED TO REFUSE THEM ENTRY IF THE NUMBER OF PERSONS AT THE MEETING EXCEEDS THE NUMBER PERMITTED BY THE MALTESE HEALTH AUTHORITIES. ACCORDINGLY, SHAREHOLDERS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED NOT TO ATTEND THE MEETING IN PERSON BUT TO, INSTEAD, VOTE ON ALL PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS IN ADVANCE BY APPOINTING THE CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING AS THEIR PROXY AND COMPLETING THE VOTING INSTRUCTIONS SHEET ATTACHED TO THE ATTENDANCE / PROXY FORM. - The Company will be broadcasting the Meeting on its website at: -meeting/. It is important to note that Shareholders who choose to follow the Meeting on the Company's website will not be deemed to be present at the Meeting and, accordingly, will NOT be able to vote and/or speak at the Meeting and will not be counted towards the quorum. Accordingly, any Shareholder who wishes to attend and/or vote at the Meeting must follow the instructions set out above. - Shareholders must follow the Attendance / Proxy Form submission instructions and the deadline set out above. Note for CSDs only: Aggregated proxy data processed by Euroclear, Clearstream or any other CSD must be sent by the relevant CSD and received by the Malta Stock Exchange (as 'issuer CSD') by no later than 7 July 2021. The Company must receive aggregated proxy data processed by the Malta Stock Exchange by e-mail at AGMregistrationmgi-se.com before the time appointed for the Meeting and any proxy data which is not received in time shall not be treated as valid. Right to Ask Questions Each shareholder shall have the right to ask questions which are pertinent and related to items on the agenda of the Meeting to the Company by e-mail to questionsmgi-se.com by no later than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for the Meeting. Any questions sent to the Company must be accompanied by adequate proof that the sender is indeed a shareholder of the Company. The Company shall provide an answer to such questions (1) at the Meeting, unless the Company is unable to provide an immediate reply at short notice or answering such question would interfere unduly with the preparation for the meeting OR, if the questions are not answered at the Meeting, (2) on its website within forty-eight (48) hours from the Meeting. The Company may choose to provide an overall answer to questions having the same content. This right to ask questions shall be subject to any reasonable measures (to be determined by the Company in its sole discretion) that the Company may take to ensure the identification of the relevant shareholder/s who have submitted questions to the Company. Personal Data All information submitted by shareholders in connection with attendance notifications and proxies and asking questions will be computerised and used exclusively for the Meeting. For those Shareholders whose Shares are held through Euroclear, more information on how your personal data is processed can be found in Euroclear's privacy notice at: www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Agenda General 1. Opening of the Meeting 2. Appointment of the Chairman for the meeting 3. Drawing up and approval of voting list 4. Determination of quorum and whether the Meeting has been duly convened 5. Approval of the agenda 6. Presentation of Annual Report and the Auditor's report for the group 7. Response to Questions from Shareholders (if any) Ordinary resolutions 8. Consider the Auditor's Report and approve the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 9. Declare a dividend of zero, based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors 10. Confirm and re-appoint RSM Malta as Auditor of the company, and to authorise the Board of Directors to fix their remuneration 11. Other matters Other The Company has 149,679,980 Ordinary A Shares in issue as of the date of this notice (one vote per share). The Auditor's Report and the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 are available from the Company's website (-relations/financial-reports/). * * * 25 May 2021 MEDIA AND GAMES INVEST SE The Board of Directors Responsible Parties The information in this press release has been made public through the agency of the responsible person set out below for publication at the time stated by MGI's news distributor EQS Newswire at the publication of this press release. The responsible person below may be contacted for further information. For further information, please contact: Sören Barz Head of Investor Relations +49 170 376 9571 soeren.barzmgi-se.com, infomgi-se.com www.mgi.group Jenny Rosberg, ROPA, IR contact Stockholm +46707472741 Jenny.rosbergropa.se(MORE TO FOLLOW) Dow Jones NewswiresMay 25, 2021 11:50 ET (15:50 GMT)","['form', 'instructions', 'press', 'questions', 'company', 'attendance', 'proxy', 'media', 'games', 'shares', 'general', 'annual', 'release', 'shareholder', 'shareholders', 'plc', 'notice', 'meeting', 'invest']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://www.reuters.com/article/russia-debt-ownership-idUSR4N2LK06I,TABLE-Holders of Russian OFZ bonds as of April 1,"MOSCOW, May 27 (Reuters) - The Russian debt market is resilient enough to poteentially harsher Western sanctions against Moscow, the central bank said on Thursday.The central bank provided the following breakdown of Russian OFZ bonds holders based on the data from the Euroclear depository: Country Share as of Nominal holdings Nominal holdings Nominal holdings Share as April 1, as of April 1, as of Jan. 1, as of Oct. 1, of Oct. 1, 2021 (%) 2021 (bln of 2021 (bln of 2020 (bln of 2020 (%) roubles) roubles) roubles) United States 40 1,113 1,233 1,176 41 Britain 27 762 866 910 31 Belgium 7 209 220 220 8 Singapore 7 207 202 174 6 Luxembourg 5 142 177 174 6 China 4 120 105 68 2 Germany 2 63 63 43 1 Russia 2 58 11 18 1 France 1 31 68 42 1 UAE 1 23 0 0 0 Others 3 79 87 77 3 Total 100 2,806 3,032 2,901 100 (Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya; Writing by Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Giles Elgood)","MOSCOW, May 27 (Reuters) - The Russian debt market is resilient enough to poteentially harsher Western sanctions against Moscow, the central bank said on Thursday. The central bank provided the following breakdown of Russian OFZ bonds holders based on the data from the Euroclear depository: Country Share as of Nominal holdings Nominal holdings Nominal holdings Share as April 1, as of April 1, as of Jan. 1, as of Oct. 1, of Oct. 1, 2021 (%) 2021 (bln of 2021 (bln of 2020 (bln of 2020 (%) roubles) roubles) roubles) United States 40 1,113 1,233 1,176 41 Britain 27 762 866 910 31 Belgium 7 209 220 220 8 Singapore 7 207 202 174 6 Luxembourg 5 142 177 174 6 China 4 120 105 68 2 Germany 2 63 63 43 1 Russia 2 58 11 18 1 France 1 31 68 42 1 UAE 1 23 0 0 0 Others 3 79 87 77 3 Total 100 2,806 3,032 2,901 100 (Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya; Writing by Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Giles Elgood)","['central', '2021', 'roubles', 'moscow', 'ofz', 'tableholders', 'bonds', 'nominal', 'bln', 'share', 'oct', 'russian', 'holdings']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-tobii-091300336.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of Tobii,"STOCKHOLM, May 27, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Tobii AB (publ) hereby summons to the extraordinary general meeting on Monday 21 June 2021.Tobii welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at this extraordinary general meeting through advance voting on the basis of temporary statutory rules, according to the procedure set out below.Such continued extraordinary general meeting shall take place if the extraordinary general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so request.The task of approving the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting.The last date for allotment of Stock Units pursuant to LTI 2021 shall be the day before the annual general meeting in Tobii 2022.","STOCKHOLM, May 27, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Tobii AB (publ) hereby summons to the extraordinary general meeting on Monday 21 June 2021.In order to mitigate the spread of Covid-19, the Board of Directors has decided that the extraordinary general meeting will be conducted by advance voting only, without physical presence of shareholders, proxies and third parties. Tobii welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at this extraordinary general meeting through advance voting on the basis of temporary statutory rules, according to the procedure set out below. Information on the resolutions passed at the extraordinary general meeting will be published on 21 June 2021, as soon as the result of the voting has been finally confirmed.In the advance voting form, the shareholders may request that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued extraordinary general meeting, which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such continued extraordinary general meeting shall take place if the extraordinary general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so request.Notification of participationShareholders who wish to participate in the extraordinary general meeting must (i) be included in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of 11 June 2021 and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the extraordinary general meeting no later than 18 June 2021 by casting their advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance voting below, so that the advance voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.To be entitled to participate in the extraordinary general meeting, in addition to providing notification of participation, a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the shareholders' register as at 11 June 2021. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed not later than the second banking day after 11 June 2021 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Story continuesAdvance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the extraordinary general meeting only by voting in advance, so-called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2020:198) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on Tobii's website, www.tobii.com. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed voting form must be received by Tobii no later than Friday 18 June 2021. The form may be submitted via e-mail to generalmeetingtobii.com or by post to Tobii AB, Box 743, SE-182 17 Danderyd, Sweden. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy, a power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity, a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so, the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid.Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.Right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen). A request for such information shall be made in writing to Tobii AB (publ), att. Extra bolagsstämma, Box 743, SE-182 17 Danderyd, Sweden or via email to generalmeetingtobii.com, no later than on 11 June 2021. Information relating to such requests will be made available at Tobii AB (publ), Karlsrovägen 2D, SE-182 53 Danderyd, Sweden and on the company's website, www.tobii.com, no later than on 16 June 2021. The information will also be sent, within the same period of time, to shareholders who so request and state their address.Number of shares and votesThere are, as of the day of this notice, 99,369,972 shares and votes in the company. In addition, the Board of Directors' has resolved to issue not more than 900,000 C shares, corresponding to 90,000 votes, which, as of the day of this notice, have not yet been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).Proposed agendaElection of a chairman of the meeting. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Proposal for resolution regarding incentive program 2021.Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting (item 2)As persons to approve the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting together with the chairman, the Board of Directors proposes Staffan Ringvall (Handelsbanken Fonder), or, if he is prevented, the person instead appointed by the Board of Directors. The task of approving the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 3)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by the company, based on the extraordinary general meeting's shareholders' register and advance votes received, as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting.Proposal for resolution regarding incentive program 2021 (item 6)The Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to implement a new long-term incentive program for employees and consultants with similar terms and conditions as permanent employees within the Tobii group (""LTI 2021"") in accordance with the below. LTI 2021 is proposed to include not more than 140 persons within the Tobii group.Proposal for resolution to adopt LTI 2021The background and rationale for the proposalThe rationale for the LTI 2021 proposal is to create opportunities to increase retention and motivation among strategic key employees in the group, and to increase the group's ability to attract top talents to strategic positions. The program also rewards strategic key employees' continued loyalty and thus the long-term value growth of the company. The Board of Directors considers that LTI 2021 will have a positive effect on the future development of the Tobii group and will consequently be beneficial for both the company and its shareholders.Changes relative to the proposal initially intended for the annual general meetingTobii's Board of Directors initially intended to propose a long-term incentive program to the annual general meeting on May 18, 2021. This proposal was withdrawn, as the Board of Directors perceived that additional dialogue was required with some of the larger shareholders of Tobii. This updated proposal for long-term incentive program is largely the same structure, but now contains more detail descriptions of the background, conditions, and other aspects of the program and also a smaller increase in participants that have additional vesting conditions.The program in briefLTI 2021 is proposed to include senior executives (including the CEO) and selected other key employees and long-term consultants (with similar terms and conditions of employment), who have been identified as very important to the company and demonstrated excellent performance in the past year, meaning that there is a threshold and thorough performance evaluation before being let into the program. In total, LTI 2021 is proposed to include a maximum of 140 individuals within the Tobii group, corresponding to 10-15% of all employees.The participants will be given the opportunity to receive ordinary shares (""Performance Shares"") in accordance with the terms and conditions set out below.Tobii is active in a deep tech industry, in which many core competencies are in high demand by US-based technology companies. Almost half of Tobii's employees are based in the US. Therefore, in order to remain a competitive employer, Tobii believes it has to align incentive structures to US-based schemes which typically entails no personal investments. Within the scope of LTI 2021, the company will allot participants stock units, entailing the right to, subject to certain conditions being met, receive a Performance Share free of charge (""Stock Units"").AllotmentThe participants are divided into three categories: the CEOs of the Group and each Division, Other senior executives and Other participants. The number of Stock Units a participant may be allocated is subject to which category such participant belongs. The allocation within each category is illustrated in the table below.Category Maximum number of participants Maximum number of Stock Units per category Maximum number of Stock Units per participant Category 1: Group and Division CEOs 4 180,000 60,000 Category 2: Other senior executives 25 250,000 30,000 Category 3: Other participants 120 250,000 10,000In total, a maximum of 500,000 Stock Units may be allocated to the participants in LTI 2021. Thus, the above-described maximum number of Stock Units may not be allocated in all categories and the table above only describe the maximum outcome for each category but in total no more than a maximum of 500,000 Stock Units will be allocated under LTI 2021.The last date for allotment of Stock Units pursuant to LTI 2021 shall be the day before the annual general meeting in Tobii 2022.Vesting and conditionsThe vesting and conditions for grant and vesting for the different participant categories are described below.Participant category Vesting Date Personal performance criteria Vesting conditions Continued employment Share price Business performance 1 – Group and Division CEOs All Stock Units vest on 31 May 2025 (with certain exceptions where the time for vesting may be accelerated for so-called good leavers) Yes Yes Yes Yes2 - Other senior executives One third (1/3) of the allocated Stock Units shall be deemed vested on each of 31 May 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Hence, the average time from grant to vesting is 3 years. Yes Yes Yes Yes 3 – Other participantsPersonal performance criteria: Each participant in the program must satisfy personal performance criteria in order to obtain the initial grant of Stock Units. These criteria include that the person must (i) be deemed as very important to Tobii, and (ii) must have shown outstanding performance in the year prior to grant. Qualification according to the personal performance criteria is carefully vetted via a nomination process, under guidance of the compensation committee of the Board.Continued employment condition: All vesting of Stock Units shall be conditional that the participant is still employed at Tobii by the Vesting Date.Share price condition: All vesting of Stock Units for Sweden-based participants shall be conditional on that the volume-weighted share price during the 3 months prior to the Vesting Date exceeds SEK 58.36, which is the volume-weighted share price during the period from 1 January 2021 to 9 April 2021. In the event that the share price at a particular Vesting Date does not meet this criteria, those Stock Units will instead be eligible to vest at a later Vesting Date if the share price meets this the condition at such time.Business performance condition: Vesting of Stock Units for participants in categories 1 and 2 are subject to business-related performance conditions. For participants in these categories who are employed in Tobii Dynavox, the performance conditions shall be based on average growth of EBITDA less capitalized RnD of the Tobii Dynavox division. For participants not employed in Tobii Dynavox, the performance conditions shall be based on a combination of average growth of gross profit and delivering a positive EBITDA less capitalized RnD. The business performance conditions are based on a linear stepwise function. The Board of Directors is responsible for determining the detailed performance conditions, as well as the outcome according to these. Employees of category 3 are not covered by the business performance condition, in order to avoid complexity for this broader group of participants. These employees are typically key star performers deep in the organization with essential niche competencies, involved with innovation, product- and business development. Their competence and know-how are foundational for the long-term value creation of the company. Therefore, to optimize for long-term value creation, the key objective with the LTI program for category 3 is retention. This core objective has been assessed by the Compensation Committee to be diluted by the addition of too many other conditions.Reporting on performance conditionsThe detail performance conditions and the assessment of achievement relative to these will be reported in connection with the reporting of the outcome of LTI 2021, which is in accordance with the rules for public listed companies (Shareholders Rights Directive II).The Stock UnitsThe Stock Units shall, in addition to what is set out above, be governed by the following terms and conditions:The Stock Units are allotted free of charge no later than the day before the annual general meeting in Tobii 2022.The Stock Units may not be transferred or pledged.In order to align the interests of the participants and the shareholders', the company will also compensate the participants for dividends paid by recalculating the number of Performance Shares that each unvested Stock Unit entitle to after the Vesting Period.For some participation categories additional conditions apply in accordance with the above.Delivery of ordinary sharesParticipants whose Stock Units have vested in accordance with the vesting conditions above will receive Performance Shares within 90 days after each Vesting Date.Preparation of the proposal, design and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed design and administration of LTI 2021, subject to the stipulated terms and guidelines, including provisions on recalculation in the event of changes in Tobii's capital structure such as an in-between bonus issue, reverse share split, share split, rights issue and/or similar events. In connection therewith, the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet specific foreign regulations or market conditions. If significant changes in the Tobii group or in its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions for allocation and vesting of Stock Units pursuant to LTI 2021 no longer are appropriate, the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make other adjustment including, among other changes, that adjustments may be decided with respect to the terms and conditions for measuring the Performance Conditions applicable to some participation categories as stated above. Prior to the Board of Directors' determination of the vesting and settlement in accordance with the terms and conditions for the Stock Units, the Board of Directors shall assess if the outcome of LTI 2021 is reasonable. This assessment is made in relation to the company's financial result and position, the conditions on the stock market and in general. If the Board of Directors, in its assessment, deems that the outcome is unreasonable, the Board of Directors shall decrease the number of ordinary shares allocated.Receiving Performance Shares under LTI 2021 and hedging arrangementsThe Board of Directors has considered different methods for transfer of ordinary shares to participants who have been allocated Stock Units in order to implement LTI 2021 in a cost-effective and flexible manner. The Board of Directors has found the most cost-effective alternative to be, and thus proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves (a) to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on a directed share issue of not more than 600,000 class C shawres to the participating bank, of which not more than 100,000 class C shares may be issued to secure social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021 and (b) to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of all issued class C shares in accordance with the below.Following conversion of the class C shares to ordinary shares, the ordinary shares are intended to be both transferred to LTI 2021 participants as well as sold in the market in order to cover the cash-flow related to social contribution costs associated with LTI 2021. For this purpose, the Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves (c) to transfer not more than 500,000 ordinary shares free of charge to participants in accordance with LTI 2021 and that not more than 100,000 ordinary shares may be sold to cover social contribution costs arising as a result of LTI 2021.Costs and effects on key ratiosAssuming a share price of SEK 60 at the time of allocation and a maximum outcome for LTI 2021 and an average annual increase in the share price of 10 per cent, the cost, including estimated charges for social contributions, is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 32.8 million during the full four-year period. The cost corresponds to approximately 3.8 per cent of the payroll expense for the Tobii group 2020. The aggregated maximum cost for the company depends on the development in value of the Tobii share price. The Market Value of the Stock Units is calculated to be SEK 22 million. The market value has been determined by Optio Incentives and is calculated according to a so-called Monte Carlo-simulation.LTI 2021 will be reported in accordance with IFRS 2, which means that the Stock Units will be expensed as personnel costs and accrued over the Vesting Period.Given the above assumptions regarding scope and costs, and that LTI 2021 was introduced in 2019 instead, it is estimated that the key figure earnings per share for the financial year 2020 would have decreased from SEK -1.36 to approximately SEK -1.43.Dilution of existing shares and votesUpon maximum allotment of Performance Shares, up to 500,000 ordinary shares may be allocated to participants pursuant to LTI 2021, and 100,000 ordinary shares may be used to secure social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021, which would entail a maximum dilution effect of approximately 0.6 per cent of the existing number of shares in the company. If all outstanding incentive programs in the company are included in the calculation, the maximum dilution amounts 4.2 per cent.Information about Tobii's current incentive programs is available in the annual report for the financial year 2020, note 8, and on the company's website, www.tobii.com.Authorisation for the Board of Directors to issue new class C sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors, during the period until the annual general meeting 2022 on one or more occasions, to increase the company's share capital by not more than SEK 4,354.16 by the issue of not more than 600,000 class C shares, each with a quota value of SEK 0.0073. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights, the participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new class C shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the authorisation and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of shares to participants under the long-term incentive program, as well as to secure potential social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021.Authorisation for the Board of Directors to repurchase class C sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors, during the period until the annual general meeting 2022, on one or more occasions, to repurchase class C shares. The repurchase may only be effected through an offer directed to all holders of class C shares and shall comprise all outstanding class C shares. Repurchases shall be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the acquired class C shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the proposed repurchase authorisation is to ensure delivery of Performance Shares under LTI 2021 and to secure possible social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021.Decision to transfer own ordinary sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves that class C shares that the company acquires based on the authorisation to repurchase class C shares in accordance with the above, may, following the re-classification into ordinary shares, be transferred free of charge to participants of LTI 2021 in accordance with the adopted terms and conditions in order to secure possible social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021.The Board of Directors therefore proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves that not more than 500,000 ordinary shares may be transferred to participants in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2021 and that not more than 100,000 ordinary shares shall be transferred on Nasdaq Stockholm, including through a financial intermediary, at a price within the registered price range at the relevant time, to cover any social contributions in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2021. The number of shares to be transferred is subject to re-calculation in the event of an in-between bonus issue, reverse share split, share split, rights issue and/or similar measures.Preparation of the proposalIn accordance with guidelines provided by the Board of Directors, LTI 2021 has been prepared by the company's Compensation Committee, group management and external advisors and has been reviewed at the meeting of the Board of Directors held on 26 May 2021.Majority requirementA resolution to approve LTI 2021 is valid only where supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the shares voted and of the shares represented at the general meeting.Majority requirementA resolution in accordance with item 6 above requires approval of at least nine-tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting.OtherDocuments to be provided under the Swedish Companies Act will be held available at Tobii AB (publ), Reg. No. 556613-9654, with registered office in Danderyds kommun, address Karlsrovägen 2D, 182 53 Danderyd, Sweden, and on the company's website, www.tobii.com, and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and inform the company of their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed, please see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear's webpage www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Danderyd, May 2021Tobii AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsContactHenrik Mawby, Head of Investor Relations, Tobii Group, phone: +46 (0)72 219 82 15, email: henrik.mawbytobii.comThis information was brought to you by Cision ://news.cision.com/tobii-ab/r/notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-tobii,c3354795The following files are available for download: Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of Tobii - Press release - April 27, 2021CisionView original content:-releases/notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-tobii-301300647.htmlSOURCE Tobii AB","['conditions', 'notice', '2021', 'meeting', 'board', 'lti', 'shares', 'extraordinary', 'general', 'directors', 'tobii', 'stock']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://www.reuters.com/business/euroclear-reversing-payments-mistakenly-made-unicredit-bonds-2021-05-26/,Euroclear reversing payments mistakenly made on UniCredit bonds - Reuters,"UniCredit bank logo is seen in Siena, Italy June 29, 2017.REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini//File PhotoClearinghouse Euroclear said it had mistakenly credited the payment of coupons on some financial instruments Italy's UniCredit (CRDI.MI) had opted not to pay but was in the process of reversing them.In a statement, Euroclear, which settles and clears securities trades executed on European exchanges, said it had told clients on May 19 the payments would not take place.()Since the pandemic broke out bond investors have been concerned banks could decide not to pay coupons on some debt which provides the option to defer payments.The interest payments withheld by UniCredit so far amount to 30 million euros.","UniCredit bank logo is seen in Siena, Italy June 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini//File PhotoClearinghouse Euroclear said it had mistakenly credited the payment of coupons on some financial instruments Italy's UniCredit (CRDI.MI) had opted not to pay but was in the process of reversing them.Last week Italy's No. 2 bank decided to skip the payment of coupons on legacy instruments, known as CASHES or convertible and subordinated hybrid equity-linked securities, in a U-turn that unnerved the market and sent the bond in question into a tailspin.The decision, taken by new Chief Executive Andrea Orcel barely a month after his arrival, took bond investors by surprise after the lender's chief financial officer said in February the bank expected to pay a coupon.In a statement, Euroclear, which settles and clears securities trades executed on European exchanges, said it had told clients on May 19 the payments would not take place.""Due to an internal processing error, nevertheless provisional credits were made and became visible to clients. No payment has been made,"" it said, adding it was reversing the provisional credits.On Wednesday Bloomberg cited sources saying some bondholders had received notice of a coupon payment. Holders of the 2.98 billion euro ($3.6 billion) bonds received the notification on Tuesday, it said. ()Since the pandemic broke out bond investors have been concerned banks could decide not to pay coupons on some debt which provides the option to defer payments.The interest payments withheld by UniCredit so far amount to 30 million euros. They would total 120 million euros for the whole of 2021 if the decision were upheld in coming quarters, as has happened in the past when payments were skipped in the first quarter.On Tuesday a spokesman for the Italian bank said ""UniCredit confirms its decision not to pay the CASHES' coupon and has not given anyone mandate to do so.""On Wednesday it declined to further comment beyond its earlier statement.($1 = 0.8200 euros)Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.","['decision', 'unicredit', 'securities', 'coupons', 'euroclear', 'reversing', 'payments', 'bonds', 'bank', 'pay', 'bond', 'mistakenly', 'payment']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-seeks-reverse-mistaken-credits-101507196.html,Euroclear Seeks to Reverse Mistaken Credits on UniCredit Bonds,"(Bloomberg) -- It was Euroclear’s fault, but the latest twist in UniCredit SpA’s coupon fiasco is exacerbating investors’ frustrations with the bank.Investors had been assured on earnings calls this year that it would be honored.Then, just days later as investors were still absorbing the news, it emerged that some holders had in fact received notice of payment.The decision not to pay the coupon for the 2.98-billion-euro note risks alienating investors just weeks into his time in charge.Debt investors didn’t see the move coming, and the step sent bonds plunging.","(Bloomberg) -- It was Euroclear’s fault, but the latest twist in UniCredit SpA’s coupon fiasco is exacerbating investors’ frustrations with the bank.The drama began last week. Chief Executive Officer Andrea Orcel -- who’s been in the job a little over a month -- surprised bondholders when he decided not to pay a coupon of about 30 million euros ($37 million) due this week on legacy bonds, on the grounds that the bank made a loss last year. Investors had been assured on earnings calls this year that it would be honored.Then, just days later as investors were still absorbing the news, it emerged that some holders had in fact received notice of payment. It turned out to be a Euroclear error. The firm that specializes in the settlement of securities transactions is now seeking to reverse the credits.“It’s a sad saga and inevitably will have consequences for its reputation, though it’s too soon to tell the impact on its cost of funding,” said Filippo Alloatti, a senior credit analyst at Federated Hermes. “It’s a little bit premature to put it all on Orcel or the management team but I’d like to see a statement from the CEO explaining the decision process.”For Orcel, the debacle is denting what would have been another signal of a high-energy start to his tenure. In just over a month in charge the Italian has already slimmed down the management ranks and cut down on co-head structures to simplify decision making -- all while embroiled in a high profile court case in Spain over millions of dollars in lost pay.The decision not to pay the coupon for the 2.98-billion-euro note risks alienating investors just weeks into his time in charge. Debt investors didn’t see the move coming, and the step sent bonds plunging. The bonds fell more than 1.35 cents on the euro to about 50.3 on Wednesday, according to prices compiled by Bloomberg.“The issuer’s reputation suffers from this kind of approach,” said Andreas Meyer, a fund manager at Aramea Asset Management, who oversees more than 2 billion euros in bonds including UniCredit’s. “We will be very critical at UniCredit’s next issue and take this incident into consideration when deciding whether to invest.”Story continuesThe bank wasted no time in testing investor appetite, tapping the dollar-bond market with a $2 billion offering on Wednesday. The debt was sold even as recent events had deterred some investors including Federated Hermes, which holds the bank’s CASHES bonds, from even considering participating in the issue. The order book had reached as much as $7 billion across two tranches earlier in the day in New York before the sale was wrapped up, according to a person familiar with the deal.Even though blame for the latest mishap can be laid at Euroclear’s door, it only happened because UniCredit surprised investors in the first place, said Jerome Legras, a managing partner and head of research at ‎Axiom Alternative Investments, which also holds the Cashes bonds.Last week, the Italian lender had sent a notice that it decided not to pay the debt coupon to Mediobanca SpA, its main depositary bank, and Mitsubishi UFJ Investor Services & Banking (Luxembourg) SA, which is acting on a fiduciary basis on the notes, according to people with knowledge of the matter.Mitsubishi alerted the settlement agents including Euroclear about the decision, before the erroneous transactions were processed, the people said. Euroclear informed clients on May 19 of the news, but “due to an internal processing error, nevertheless provisional credits were made and became visible to clients,” it said in a statement to Bloomberg.It’s embarrassing for UniCredit, “even if it isn’t their fault,” said Legras.A spokesperson for UniCredit declined to comment beyond an earlier statement in which the bank reiterated its decision not to settle the coupon, and it hasn’t given anyone a mandate to do so. A spokesman for Mediobanca declined to comment, and MUFJ Investor Services didn’t respond to a request for comment.UniCredit’s CASHES, short for Convertible and Subordinated Hybrid Equity-Linked Securities, are highly complex securities issued more than a decade ago in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Investors in this type of legacy bond contend not only with unpredictable decisions by lenders, but also labyrinthine regulations and often-tortuous terms that can be interpreted in different ways.(Updates paragraph eight to show UniCredit sold its U.S. dollar bond Wednesday)More stories like this are available on bloomberg.comSubscribe now to stay ahead with the most trusted business news source.©2021 Bloomberg L.P.","['investors', 'answers', 'decision', 'unicredit', 'statement', 'securities', 'bonds', 'flub', 'bank', 'pay', 'week', 'fuming', 'coupon']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-reversing-payments-mistakenly-made-140346737.html,Euroclear reversing payments mistakenly made on UniCredit bonds,"The official also says the week’s rating downgrades “have no factual basis” and are “too pessimistic.”April 29Moody’s Investor Service downgrades China Huarong by one notch to Baa1, adding the firm remains on watch for further downgrade.The cut reflects the company’s weakened funding ability due to market volatility and increased uncertainty over its future, according to the statement.April 27China Huarong units repay bonds maturing that day.Reuters reports Chinese banks have been asked not to withhold loans to Huarong.April 13Fitch and Moody’s both put the company on watch for downgrade.The finance ministry, which owns a majority of Huarong, is considering the transfer of its stake to a unit of the country’s sovereign wealth fund, Bloomberg News reports.Stock trading is suspended and spreads jump on the firm’s dollar bonds while China Huarong tells investors its business is running as usual.","Bloomberg(Bloomberg) -- It’s nearly two months since turbulence erupted around China Huarong Asset Management Co.At the end of March, its 4% perpetual dollar bond was trading at 102 cents on the dollar as investors figured the January execution of former chairman Lai Xiaomin for bribery put a line under past wayward behavior. But the failure of the company to release 2020 results by a March 31 deadline, and a subsequent report by mainland media Caixin that the firm will restructure, sparked weeks of turmoil. The same bond is now at 57 cents.The heart of the matter is whether the central government will rescue a state-owned company that’s integral to the smooth running of the financial system. While there are signs Beijing wants to ensure China Huarong can repay its debts on time, uncertainty prevails.Here’s a look at the key events for China Huarong:May 28The company has wired funds to repay $978 million of notes maturing within the following week, according to Bloomberg News, the biggest bond payment since the 2020 results delay.May 27Liang Qiang, who currently heads another bad-debt manager, is on track to become president of China Huarong, reports Bloomberg News.May 24China Huarong dollar bonds climb after the managing editor of Caixin Media wrote in an opinion piece that the asset manager is “nowhere near” defaulting on its more than $20 billion of offshore notes.May 21Some of China Huarong’s thinly traded onshore bonds slump after having held up better than the company’s dollar-denominated notes, signaling broadening concern about the firm’s financial health.May 18China Huarong has transferred funds to repay a $300 million note maturing May 20, Bloomberg News reports, the first dollar bond to come due since the delayed 2020 results. Prices for the firm’s dollar bonds slump earlier in the day after the New York Times reports China is planning an overhaul that would inflict “significant losses” on both domestic and foreign China Huarong bondholders.May 17The company has reached funding agreements with state-owned banks to ensure it can repay debt through at least the end of August, by which time China Huarong aims to have completed its 2020 financial statements, according to a Bloomberg News report. That as at least two of its onshore bonds see big price declines in recent days, worrying some investors.May 13The firm says it’s prepared to make future bond payments and has seen no change in the level of government support, seeking to ease investor concerns after a local media report that regulators balked at China Hurarong’s restructuring plan.May 6The company says it transferred funds to pay five offshore bond coupons due the following day, its latest move to meet debt obligations amid persistent doubts about its financial health.April 30China Huarong breaks its silence, with an executive telling media it is prepared to make its bond payments and state backing remains intact. The official also says the week’s rating downgrades “have no factual basis” and are “too pessimistic.”April 29Moody’s Investor Service downgrades China Huarong by one notch to Baa1, adding the firm remains on watch for further downgrade. The cut reflects the company’s weakened funding ability due to market volatility and increased uncertainty over its future, according to the statement.April 27China Huarong units repay bonds maturing that day. The S$600 million ($450 million) bond was repaid with funds provided by China’s biggest state-owned bank, according to a Bloomberg News report.April 26Fitch Ratings downgrades China Huarong by three notches to BBB while dropping the company’s perpetual bonds into junk territory. The lack of transparency over government support for the firm may hamper its ability to refinance debt in offshore markets, Fitch said.April 25China Huarong says it won’t meet an April 30 deadline to file its 2020 report with Hong Kong’s stock exchange because auditors needed more time to finalize a transaction the company first flagged on April 1. Securities and asset-management units said in the days before that they wouldn’t release 2020 results by month’s end.April 22The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission asks lenders to extend China Huarong’s upcoming loans by at least six months, according to REDD, citing two bankers from large Chinese commercial lenders.April 21China is considering a plan that would see its central bank assume more than 100 billion yuan ($15 billion) of China Huarong assets to help clean up the firm’s balance sheet, according to a Bloomberg News report. Peer China Cinda Asset Management Co. was said to be planning the sale of perpetual bonds in the second quarter.April 20China Huarong’s key offshore financing unit says it returned to profitability in the first quarter and laid a “solid” foundation for transformation. Reorg Research reports that regulators are considering options including a debt restructuring of the unit, China Huarong International Holdings Ltd.April 19Huarong Securities Co. says it wired funds to repay a 2.5 billion yuan local note.April 16The CBIRC says China Huarong’s operations are normal and that the firm has ample liquidity. These are the first official comments about the company’s troubles. Reuters reports Chinese banks have been asked not to withhold loans to Huarong.April 13Fitch and Moody’s both put the company on watch for downgrade. The finance ministry, which owns a majority of Huarong, is considering the transfer of its stake to a unit of the country’s sovereign wealth fund, Bloomberg News reports. Chinese officials signal they want failing local government financing vehicles to restructure or go bust if debts can’t be repaid.April 9China Huarong says it has been making debt payments “on time” and its operations are “normal.” Bloomberg News reports the company intends to keep Huarong International as part of a potential overhaul that would avoid the need of a debt restructuring or government recapitalization. S&P Global Ratings puts China Huarong’s credit ratings on watch for possible downgrade.April 8China Huarong is preparing to offload non-core and loss-making units as part of a broad plan to revive profitability that would avoid the need for a debt restructuring or government recapitalization, Bloomberg News reports.April 6Selling gains steam in China Huarong’s dollar bonds, following a holiday in China. Huarong Securities says there has been no major change to its operations, in response to a price plunge for its 3 billion yuan local bond.April 1China Huarong announces a delay in releasing 2020 results, saying its auditor is unable to finalize a transaction. Stock trading is suspended and spreads jump on the firm’s dollar bonds while China Huarong tells investors its business is running as usual. Caixin reports the company submitted restructuring and other major reform plans to government officials and shareholders.More stories like this are available on bloomberg.comSubscribe now to stay ahead with the most trusted business news source.©2021 Bloomberg L.P.","['debt', 'china', 'huarong', 'unicredit', 'euroclear', 'company', 'reversing', 'payments', 'bonds', 'dollar', 'bond', 'mistakenly', 'reports', 'bloomberg', '2020']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invitation-annual-general-meeting-coinshares-070000489.html,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of Coinshares International Limited,"NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF COINSHARES INTERNATIONAL LIMITEDShareholders of CoinShares International Limited are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting 2021.Story continuesThe completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB, by post to CoinShares c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, P.O.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy, a power of attorney must be attached to the postal voting form (see below).Such continued general meeting shall take place if the extraordinary general meeting so resolves or if shareholders representing at least one-tenth of all shares in the Company so requests.If postal voting is made by proxy, a power of attorney must be attached to the postal voting form.","NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF COINSHARES INTERNATIONAL LIMITEDShareholders of CoinShares International Limited are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting 2021.PLACE: CoinShares Head OfficeADDRESS: 2nd Floor, 2 Hill Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE2 4UATIME: Monday, 28 June 2021 at 11:00 BSTDue to the risk of the spread of COVID-19 and the authorities’ regulations/advice on avoiding gatherings, the Board of Directors has decided that the annual general meeting (“AGM”) will be held without physical presence, with shareholders exercising their voting rights via posting voting only. Information on the resolutions passed at the AGM will be disclosed on Monday, 28 June 2021, as soon as the outcome of the postal voting has been confirmed.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND NOTIFICATIONShareholders who wish to participate in the AGM must:be recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date, Thursday, 17 June 2021; and give notice of their intention to participate no later than Tuesday, 22 June 2021, by submitting their postal votes in accordance with the instructions below, so that the postal voting form is received by the Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 22 June 2021.SHARES REGISTERED WITH NOMINEESFor shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee, the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation by submitting its postal vote, such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Thursday, 17 June 2021. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration). Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must, in accordance with the respective nominee’s routines, request that the nominee make such registration.POSTAL VOTINGShareholders may exercise their voting rights by voting in advance, so-called postal voting, to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A digital form must be used for the postal vote. The postal voting form is available on the Company’s website, -relations. Please note that a separate notice shall not be made, as the completed and signed postal voting form is considered notice of participation at the meeting.Story continuesThe completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB, by post to CoinShares c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm or via email to Generalmeetingserviceeuroclear.com no later than Tuesday, 22 June 2021. If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy, a power of attorney must be attached to the postal voting form (see below). If the shareholder is a legal person, a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so, the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.Shareholders may in the postal voting form request that one or more of the items on the proposed agenda below be deferred to a continued general meeting, which may not be carried out solely through postal voting. Such continued general meeting shall take place if the extraordinary general meeting so resolves or if shareholders representing at least one-tenth of all shares in the Company so requests.POWERS OF ATTORNEYShareholders wishing to submit their postal votes by proxy must issue a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder. Proxy forms are available on the Company’s website, -relations. If postal voting is made by proxy, a power of attorney must be attached to the postal voting form. If the shareholder is a legal person, a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.The power of attorney is valid for a maximum of one year from the date of issuance, unless a longer period of validity is specified in the power of attorney. Such longer period may, however, not exceed five years from the date of issuance.PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the AGM Election of the Chair of the AGM Approval of the Agenda Confirmation of whether the Meeting has been duly convened Resolution to adopt the income statement, balance sheet, consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Election of the Board Directors Election of the auditor Determination of remuneration for the auditor Decisions regarding the Nomination Committee Closing of the AGMPROPOSED RESOLUTIONSItem 5 – Resolution to adopt the income statement, balance sheet, consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheetIt is proposed that the income statement, balance sheet, consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet be adopted by the Company.Items 6, 7 and 8 – Election of Directors and Auditors, and fees to the AuditorsThe Board consists of four members with no deputies. It is proposed to re-elect board members Jean-Marie Mognetti, Carsten Køppen and Johan Lundberg and to re-elect Daniel Masters as the Board Chairman.It is proposed to re-elect Baker Tilly Channel Islands Limited as the Company’s auditors.It is proposed that the remuneration to the auditor shall be set at the discretion of the Board of Directors.Item 9 – Decisions regarding the Nomination CommitteeIt is proposed that no formal nomination committee be appointed for 2021. Such decision to be revisited at the 2022 AGM.OTHERNumber of Shares and Votes in the CompanyAs of the date of this notice, the total number of shares in the Company is 66,551,863, representing a total of 66,551,863 votes. The Company does not hold any of its own shares.AVAILABLE DOCUMENTSThe form of proxy, financial statements, auditors’ report and the complete proposal for decisions and other documents required under Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended, will be published on coinshares.com and will be available at the Company’s offices in Jersey from 31 May 2021 and sent to shareholders who so request and state their address.---------------Jersey, May 2021CoinShares International LimitedThe Board of DirectorsAbout CoinSharesCoinShares is Europe’s largest digital asset investment firm, managing billions of assets on behalf of its client base. The Group is focused on expanding investor access to the digital asset ecosystem by pioneering new financial products and services that seek to provide trust and transparency when accessing this new asset class.For more information on CoinShares, please visit:  | +44 (0)1534 513 100 | enquiriescoinshares.comInvestor Relations – Jay Morakis | +1 (0)646 859 5951|Certified Advisor – Mangold Fondkommission AB | +46 (0)8 503 015 50 | camangold.seProxy Support – Euroclear Sweden AB | + 46 (0)8 402 9133 |Attachments","['form', 'sweden', '2021', 'limited', 'ab', 'statement', 'meeting', 'coinshares', 'board', 'international', 'invitation', 'postal', 'voting', 'general', 'annual']",2021-05-31,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/1-amazon-weighing-entry-physical-143602555.html,UPDATE 1-Amazon weighing entry into physical pharmacy stores - Insider,"The official also says the week’s rating downgrades “have no factual basis” and are “too pessimistic.”April 29Moody’s Investor Service downgrades China Huarong by one notch to Baa1, adding the firm remains on watch for further downgrade.The cut reflects the company’s weakened funding ability due to market volatility and increased uncertainty over its future, according to the statement.April 27China Huarong units repay bonds maturing that day.Reuters reports Chinese banks have been asked not to withhold loans to Huarong.April 13Fitch and Moody’s both put the company on watch for downgrade.The finance ministry, which owns a majority of Huarong, is considering the transfer of its stake to a unit of the country’s sovereign wealth fund, Bloomberg News reports.Stock trading is suspended and spreads jump on the firm’s dollar bonds while China Huarong tells investors its business is running as usual.","Bloomberg(Bloomberg) -- It’s nearly two months since turbulence erupted around China Huarong Asset Management Co.At the end of March, its 4% perpetual dollar bond was trading at 102 cents on the dollar as investors figured the January execution of former chairman Lai Xiaomin for bribery put a line under past wayward behavior. But the failure of the company to release 2020 results by a March 31 deadline, and a subsequent report by mainland media Caixin that the firm will restructure, sparked weeks of turmoil. The same bond is now at 57 cents.The heart of the matter is whether the central government will rescue a state-owned company that’s integral to the smooth running of the financial system. While there are signs Beijing wants to ensure China Huarong can repay its debts on time, uncertainty prevails.Here’s a look at the key events for China Huarong:May 28The company has wired funds to repay $978 million of notes maturing within the following week, according to Bloomberg News, the biggest bond payment since the 2020 results delay.May 27Liang Qiang, who currently heads another bad-debt manager, is on track to become president of China Huarong, reports Bloomberg News.May 24China Huarong dollar bonds climb after the managing editor of Caixin Media wrote in an opinion piece that the asset manager is “nowhere near” defaulting on its more than $20 billion of offshore notes.May 21Some of China Huarong’s thinly traded onshore bonds slump after having held up better than the company’s dollar-denominated notes, signaling broadening concern about the firm’s financial health.May 18China Huarong has transferred funds to repay a $300 million note maturing May 20, Bloomberg News reports, the first dollar bond to come due since the delayed 2020 results. Prices for the firm’s dollar bonds slump earlier in the day after the New York Times reports China is planning an overhaul that would inflict “significant losses” on both domestic and foreign China Huarong bondholders.May 17The company has reached funding agreements with state-owned banks to ensure it can repay debt through at least the end of August, by which time China Huarong aims to have completed its 2020 financial statements, according to a Bloomberg News report. That as at least two of its onshore bonds see big price declines in recent days, worrying some investors.May 13The firm says it’s prepared to make future bond payments and has seen no change in the level of government support, seeking to ease investor concerns after a local media report that regulators balked at China Hurarong’s restructuring plan.May 6The company says it transferred funds to pay five offshore bond coupons due the following day, its latest move to meet debt obligations amid persistent doubts about its financial health.April 30China Huarong breaks its silence, with an executive telling media it is prepared to make its bond payments and state backing remains intact. The official also says the week’s rating downgrades “have no factual basis” and are “too pessimistic.”April 29Moody’s Investor Service downgrades China Huarong by one notch to Baa1, adding the firm remains on watch for further downgrade. The cut reflects the company’s weakened funding ability due to market volatility and increased uncertainty over its future, according to the statement.April 27China Huarong units repay bonds maturing that day. The S$600 million ($450 million) bond was repaid with funds provided by China’s biggest state-owned bank, according to a Bloomberg News report.April 26Fitch Ratings downgrades China Huarong by three notches to BBB while dropping the company’s perpetual bonds into junk territory. The lack of transparency over government support for the firm may hamper its ability to refinance debt in offshore markets, Fitch said.April 25China Huarong says it won’t meet an April 30 deadline to file its 2020 report with Hong Kong’s stock exchange because auditors needed more time to finalize a transaction the company first flagged on April 1. Securities and asset-management units said in the days before that they wouldn’t release 2020 results by month’s end.April 22The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission asks lenders to extend China Huarong’s upcoming loans by at least six months, according to REDD, citing two bankers from large Chinese commercial lenders.April 21China is considering a plan that would see its central bank assume more than 100 billion yuan ($15 billion) of China Huarong assets to help clean up the firm’s balance sheet, according to a Bloomberg News report. Peer China Cinda Asset Management Co. was said to be planning the sale of perpetual bonds in the second quarter.April 20China Huarong’s key offshore financing unit says it returned to profitability in the first quarter and laid a “solid” foundation for transformation. Reorg Research reports that regulators are considering options including a debt restructuring of the unit, China Huarong International Holdings Ltd.April 19Huarong Securities Co. says it wired funds to repay a 2.5 billion yuan local note.April 16The CBIRC says China Huarong’s operations are normal and that the firm has ample liquidity. These are the first official comments about the company’s troubles. Reuters reports Chinese banks have been asked not to withhold loans to Huarong.April 13Fitch and Moody’s both put the company on watch for downgrade. The finance ministry, which owns a majority of Huarong, is considering the transfer of its stake to a unit of the country’s sovereign wealth fund, Bloomberg News reports. Chinese officials signal they want failing local government financing vehicles to restructure or go bust if debts can’t be repaid.April 9China Huarong says it has been making debt payments “on time” and its operations are “normal.” Bloomberg News reports the company intends to keep Huarong International as part of a potential overhaul that would avoid the need of a debt restructuring or government recapitalization. S&P Global Ratings puts China Huarong’s credit ratings on watch for possible downgrade.April 8China Huarong is preparing to offload non-core and loss-making units as part of a broad plan to revive profitability that would avoid the need for a debt restructuring or government recapitalization, Bloomberg News reports.April 6Selling gains steam in China Huarong’s dollar bonds, following a holiday in China. Huarong Securities says there has been no major change to its operations, in response to a price plunge for its 3 billion yuan local bond.April 1China Huarong announces a delay in releasing 2020 results, saying its auditor is unable to finalize a transaction. Stock trading is suspended and spreads jump on the firm’s dollar bonds while China Huarong tells investors its business is running as usual. Caixin reports the company submitted restructuring and other major reform plans to government officials and shareholders.More stories like this are available on bloomberg.comSubscribe now to stay ahead with the most trusted business news source.©2021 Bloomberg L.P.","['3amazon', 'debt', 'china', 'insider', 'huarong', 'looking', 'stores', 'company', 'bonds', 'pharmacy', 'dollar', 'bond', 'update', 'reports', 'bloomberg', 'opening', '2020']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amazon-weighing-entry-physical-pharmacy-144652295.html,Amazon weighing entry into physical pharmacy stores - Insider,"The official also says the week’s rating downgrades “have no factual basis” and are “too pessimistic.”April 29Moody’s Investor Service downgrades China Huarong by one notch to Baa1, adding the firm remains on watch for further downgrade.The cut reflects the company’s weakened funding ability due to market volatility and increased uncertainty over its future, according to the statement.April 27China Huarong units repay bonds maturing that day.Reuters reports Chinese banks have been asked not to withhold loans to Huarong.April 13Fitch and Moody’s both put the company on watch for downgrade.The finance ministry, which owns a majority of Huarong, is considering the transfer of its stake to a unit of the country’s sovereign wealth fund, Bloomberg News reports.Stock trading is suspended and spreads jump on the firm’s dollar bonds while China Huarong tells investors its business is running as usual.","Bloomberg(Bloomberg) -- It’s nearly two months since turbulence erupted around China Huarong Asset Management Co.At the end of March, its 4% perpetual dollar bond was trading at 102 cents on the dollar as investors figured the January execution of former chairman Lai Xiaomin for bribery put a line under past wayward behavior. But the failure of the company to release 2020 results by a March 31 deadline, and a subsequent report by mainland media Caixin that the firm will restructure, sparked weeks of turmoil. The same bond is now at 57 cents.The heart of the matter is whether the central government will rescue a state-owned company that’s integral to the smooth running of the financial system. While there are signs Beijing wants to ensure China Huarong can repay its debts on time, uncertainty prevails.Here’s a look at the key events for China Huarong:May 28The company has wired funds to repay $978 million of notes maturing within the following week, according to Bloomberg News, the biggest bond payment since the 2020 results delay.May 27Liang Qiang, who currently heads another bad-debt manager, is on track to become president of China Huarong, reports Bloomberg News.May 24China Huarong dollar bonds climb after the managing editor of Caixin Media wrote in an opinion piece that the asset manager is “nowhere near” defaulting on its more than $20 billion of offshore notes.May 21Some of China Huarong’s thinly traded onshore bonds slump after having held up better than the company’s dollar-denominated notes, signaling broadening concern about the firm’s financial health.May 18China Huarong has transferred funds to repay a $300 million note maturing May 20, Bloomberg News reports, the first dollar bond to come due since the delayed 2020 results. Prices for the firm’s dollar bonds slump earlier in the day after the New York Times reports China is planning an overhaul that would inflict “significant losses” on both domestic and foreign China Huarong bondholders.May 17The company has reached funding agreements with state-owned banks to ensure it can repay debt through at least the end of August, by which time China Huarong aims to have completed its 2020 financial statements, according to a Bloomberg News report. That as at least two of its onshore bonds see big price declines in recent days, worrying some investors.May 13The firm says it’s prepared to make future bond payments and has seen no change in the level of government support, seeking to ease investor concerns after a local media report that regulators balked at China Hurarong’s restructuring plan.May 6The company says it transferred funds to pay five offshore bond coupons due the following day, its latest move to meet debt obligations amid persistent doubts about its financial health.April 30China Huarong breaks its silence, with an executive telling media it is prepared to make its bond payments and state backing remains intact. The official also says the week’s rating downgrades “have no factual basis” and are “too pessimistic.”April 29Moody’s Investor Service downgrades China Huarong by one notch to Baa1, adding the firm remains on watch for further downgrade. The cut reflects the company’s weakened funding ability due to market volatility and increased uncertainty over its future, according to the statement.April 27China Huarong units repay bonds maturing that day. The S$600 million ($450 million) bond was repaid with funds provided by China’s biggest state-owned bank, according to a Bloomberg News report.April 26Fitch Ratings downgrades China Huarong by three notches to BBB while dropping the company’s perpetual bonds into junk territory. The lack of transparency over government support for the firm may hamper its ability to refinance debt in offshore markets, Fitch said.April 25China Huarong says it won’t meet an April 30 deadline to file its 2020 report with Hong Kong’s stock exchange because auditors needed more time to finalize a transaction the company first flagged on April 1. Securities and asset-management units said in the days before that they wouldn’t release 2020 results by month’s end.April 22The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission asks lenders to extend China Huarong’s upcoming loans by at least six months, according to REDD, citing two bankers from large Chinese commercial lenders.April 21China is considering a plan that would see its central bank assume more than 100 billion yuan ($15 billion) of China Huarong assets to help clean up the firm’s balance sheet, according to a Bloomberg News report. Peer China Cinda Asset Management Co. was said to be planning the sale of perpetual bonds in the second quarter.April 20China Huarong’s key offshore financing unit says it returned to profitability in the first quarter and laid a “solid” foundation for transformation. Reorg Research reports that regulators are considering options including a debt restructuring of the unit, China Huarong International Holdings Ltd.April 19Huarong Securities Co. says it wired funds to repay a 2.5 billion yuan local note.April 16The CBIRC says China Huarong’s operations are normal and that the firm has ample liquidity. These are the first official comments about the company’s troubles. Reuters reports Chinese banks have been asked not to withhold loans to Huarong.April 13Fitch and Moody’s both put the company on watch for downgrade. The finance ministry, which owns a majority of Huarong, is considering the transfer of its stake to a unit of the country’s sovereign wealth fund, Bloomberg News reports. Chinese officials signal they want failing local government financing vehicles to restructure or go bust if debts can’t be repaid.April 9China Huarong says it has been making debt payments “on time” and its operations are “normal.” Bloomberg News reports the company intends to keep Huarong International as part of a potential overhaul that would avoid the need of a debt restructuring or government recapitalization. S&P Global Ratings puts China Huarong’s credit ratings on watch for possible downgrade.April 8China Huarong is preparing to offload non-core and loss-making units as part of a broad plan to revive profitability that would avoid the need for a debt restructuring or government recapitalization, Bloomberg News reports.April 6Selling gains steam in China Huarong’s dollar bonds, following a holiday in China. Huarong Securities says there has been no major change to its operations, in response to a price plunge for its 3 billion yuan local bond.April 1China Huarong announces a delay in releasing 2020 results, saying its auditor is unable to finalize a transaction. Stock trading is suspended and spreads jump on the firm’s dollar bonds while China Huarong tells investors its business is running as usual. Caixin reports the company submitted restructuring and other major reform plans to government officials and shareholders.More stories like this are available on bloomberg.comSubscribe now to stay ahead with the most trusted business news source.©2021 Bloomberg L.P.","['debt', 'china', 'insider', 'huarong', 'looking', 'stores', 'amazon', 'company', 'bonds', 'pharmacy', 'dollar', 'bond', 'reports', 'bloomberg', 'opening', '2020']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unicredit-defies-coupon-furor-popular-083005718.html,UniCredit Defies Coupon Furor With Popular $2 Billion Bond,"The same bond is now at 57 cents.The heart of the matter is whether the central government will rescue a state-owned company that’s integral to the smooth running of the financial system.The official also says the week’s rating downgrades “have no factual basis” and are “too pessimistic.”April 29Moody’s Investor Service downgrades China Huarong by one notch to Baa1, adding the firm remains on watch for further downgrade.Reuters reports Chinese banks have been asked not to withhold loans to Huarong.April 13Fitch and Moody’s both put the company on watch for downgrade.The finance ministry, which owns a majority of Huarong, is considering the transfer of its stake to a unit of the country’s sovereign wealth fund, Bloomberg News reports.Stock trading is suspended and spreads jump on the firm’s dollar bonds while China Huarong tells investors its business is running as usual.","Bloomberg(Bloomberg) -- It’s nearly two months since turbulence erupted around China Huarong Asset Management Co.At the end of March, its 4% perpetual dollar bond was trading at 102 cents on the dollar as investors figured the January execution of former chairman Lai Xiaomin for bribery put a line under past wayward behavior. But the failure of the company to release 2020 results by a March 31 deadline, and a subsequent report by mainland media Caixin that the firm will restructure, sparked weeks of turmoil. The same bond is now at 57 cents.The heart of the matter is whether the central government will rescue a state-owned company that’s integral to the smooth running of the financial system. While there are signs Beijing wants to ensure China Huarong can repay its debts on time, uncertainty prevails.Here’s a look at the key events for China Huarong:May 28The company has wired funds to repay $978 million of notes maturing within the following week, according to Bloomberg News, the biggest bond payment since the 2020 results delay.May 27Liang Qiang, who currently heads another bad-debt manager, is on track to become president of China Huarong, reports Bloomberg News.May 24China Huarong dollar bonds climb after the managing editor of Caixin Media wrote in an opinion piece that the asset manager is “nowhere near” defaulting on its more than $20 billion of offshore notes.May 21Some of China Huarong’s thinly traded onshore bonds slump after having held up better than the company’s dollar-denominated notes, signaling broadening concern about the firm’s financial health.May 18China Huarong has transferred funds to repay a $300 million note maturing May 20, Bloomberg News reports, the first dollar bond to come due since the delayed 2020 results. Prices for the firm’s dollar bonds slump earlier in the day after the New York Times reports China is planning an overhaul that would inflict “significant losses” on both domestic and foreign China Huarong bondholders.May 17The company has reached funding agreements with state-owned banks to ensure it can repay debt through at least the end of August, by which time China Huarong aims to have completed its 2020 financial statements, according to a Bloomberg News report. That as at least two of its onshore bonds see big price declines in recent days, worrying some investors.May 13The firm says it’s prepared to make future bond payments and has seen no change in the level of government support, seeking to ease investor concerns after a local media report that regulators balked at China Hurarong’s restructuring plan.May 6The company says it transferred funds to pay five offshore bond coupons due the following day, its latest move to meet debt obligations amid persistent doubts about its financial health.April 30China Huarong breaks its silence, with an executive telling media it is prepared to make its bond payments and state backing remains intact. The official also says the week’s rating downgrades “have no factual basis” and are “too pessimistic.”April 29Moody’s Investor Service downgrades China Huarong by one notch to Baa1, adding the firm remains on watch for further downgrade. The cut reflects the company’s weakened funding ability due to market volatility and increased uncertainty over its future, according to the statement.April 27China Huarong units repay bonds maturing that day. The S$600 million ($450 million) bond was repaid with funds provided by China’s biggest state-owned bank, according to a Bloomberg News report.April 26Fitch Ratings downgrades China Huarong by three notches to BBB while dropping the company’s perpetual bonds into junk territory. The lack of transparency over government support for the firm may hamper its ability to refinance debt in offshore markets, Fitch said.April 25China Huarong says it won’t meet an April 30 deadline to file its 2020 report with Hong Kong’s stock exchange because auditors needed more time to finalize a transaction the company first flagged on April 1. Securities and asset-management units said in the days before that they wouldn’t release 2020 results by month’s end.April 22The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission asks lenders to extend China Huarong’s upcoming loans by at least six months, according to REDD, citing two bankers from large Chinese commercial lenders.April 21China is considering a plan that would see its central bank assume more than 100 billion yuan ($15 billion) of China Huarong assets to help clean up the firm’s balance sheet, according to a Bloomberg News report. Peer China Cinda Asset Management Co. was said to be planning the sale of perpetual bonds in the second quarter.April 20China Huarong’s key offshore financing unit says it returned to profitability in the first quarter and laid a “solid” foundation for transformation. Reorg Research reports that regulators are considering options including a debt restructuring of the unit, China Huarong International Holdings Ltd.April 19Huarong Securities Co. says it wired funds to repay a 2.5 billion yuan local note.April 16The CBIRC says China Huarong’s operations are normal and that the firm has ample liquidity. These are the first official comments about the company’s troubles. Reuters reports Chinese banks have been asked not to withhold loans to Huarong.April 13Fitch and Moody’s both put the company on watch for downgrade. The finance ministry, which owns a majority of Huarong, is considering the transfer of its stake to a unit of the country’s sovereign wealth fund, Bloomberg News reports. Chinese officials signal they want failing local government financing vehicles to restructure or go bust if debts can’t be repaid.April 9China Huarong says it has been making debt payments “on time” and its operations are “normal.” Bloomberg News reports the company intends to keep Huarong International as part of a potential overhaul that would avoid the need of a debt restructuring or government recapitalization. S&P Global Ratings puts China Huarong’s credit ratings on watch for possible downgrade.April 8China Huarong is preparing to offload non-core and loss-making units as part of a broad plan to revive profitability that would avoid the need for a debt restructuring or government recapitalization, Bloomberg News reports.April 6Selling gains steam in China Huarong’s dollar bonds, following a holiday in China. Huarong Securities says there has been no major change to its operations, in response to a price plunge for its 3 billion yuan local bond.April 1China Huarong announces a delay in releasing 2020 results, saying its auditor is unable to finalize a transaction. Stock trading is suspended and spreads jump on the firm’s dollar bonds while China Huarong tells investors its business is running as usual. Caixin reports the company submitted restructuring and other major reform plans to government officials and shareholders.More stories like this are available on bloomberg.comSubscribe now to stay ahead with the most trusted business news source.©2021 Bloomberg L.P.","['debt', 'china', 'billion', 'huarong', 'popular', 'unicredit', 'company', 'bonds', 'dollar', 'furor', 'bond', '2020', 'reports', 'defies', 'bloomberg', 'coupon']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unicredit-coupon-debacle-37-million-080117700.html,UniCredit Bond Coupon Chaos Dents Orcel’s High-Energy Start,"UniCredit insists it didn’t pay it, raising questions about how the payment was made.It’s also possible that Euroclear paid the coupon into client accounts, or erroneously sent a code notifying clients of a payment.“They already incurred some reputational damage given the inconsistent market communication around the intention to pay the coupon.Investors will now want to understand the reasons behind the alleged payment of the coupon.The CASHES are quoted almost 10 cents on the euro lower than prior to the news of the coupon skip last week.","(Bloomberg) -- What was supposed to be a calculated show of strength by UniCredit SpA’s new chief executive officer is rapidly descending into a farce.Andrea Orcel took the decision not to pay a debt coupon of about 30 million euros ($37 million) due this week on the grounds that the bank made a loss last year, even though investors had been assured of the cash. Yet some bondholders on Tuesday said they received notice of payment. UniCredit insists it didn’t pay it, raising questions about how the payment was made.“It’s embarrassing for them of course, even if it isn’t their fault,” said Jerome Legras, a managing partner and head of research at ‎Axiom Alternative Investments. “But the truth is this happened because they took everyone by surprise.”For Orcel, the debacle is denting what would have been another signal of a high-energy start to his tenure. In just over a month in charge the Italian has already slimmed down the management ranks and cut down on co-head structures to simplify decision making -- all while embroiled in a high profile court case in Spain over millions of dollars in lost pay.The bonds fell almost 0.5 cents on the euro to about 51.2 on Wednesday, according to prices compiled by Bloomberg. UniCredit shares fell 0.6% to 10.29 euros as of 10:38 a.m. in Milan.What Happened?It’s still unclear what happened with the coupon. The 2.98 billion euro bond’s complicated structure means that there are several players involved, and the error could have come from any one of them. The CASHES, short for Convertible and Subordinated Hybrid Equity-Linked Securities, have different banks serving as depository and fiduciary for the instruments.It’s also possible that Euroclear paid the coupon into client accounts, or erroneously sent a code notifying clients of a payment. A Euroclear spokesperson declined to comment.If it was an error and money was transferred to bondholders, it would raise questions over whether investors will need to return the funds -- and who will be on the hook for the payment if not.Story continues“Even if it isn’t their fault, but of the depositary or fiduciary bank, the timing is very unfortunate,” said Paola Biraschi, an analyst at CreditSights. “They already incurred some reputational damage given the inconsistent market communication around the intention to pay the coupon. Investors will now want to understand the reasons behind the alleged payment of the coupon. And if any money was transferred, I imagine they will attempt to claw it back from bond holders.”This type of mishap is rare in debt markets, though mistakes do happen. It recalls a battle between Citigroup Inc. and various investors after the U.S. bank accidentally sent half a billion dollars to a group of Revlon Inc. lenders last summer. It recently lost another round in its fight to reclaim the money. More recently, Spanish utility company Iberdrola SA misstated the interest rate on a newly-issued bond.Highly ComplexGiven the notes’ terms, the bank could also skip the next three coupons, even though UniCredit took steps last year to update terms of the CASHES allowing it to pay the coupons after reporting a loss or without distributing a dividend.The notes are highly complex securities issued more than a decade ago in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Investors in this type of legacy bond contend not only with unpredictable decisions by lenders, but also labyrinthine regulations and often-tortuous terms that can be interpreted in different ways.They’ve already been the subject of controversy after a London hedge fund accused the bank of boosting its capital strength by misclassifying them. The issue fizzled after the European Banking Authority sided with the bank, saying it found “no clear evidence” to support the hedge fund’s claim.The bank’s Additional Tier 1 bonds, a newer-style capital security, were little changed. The CASHES are quoted almost 10 cents on the euro lower than prior to the news of the coupon skip last week.(Adds shares in fifth paragraph)More stories like this are available on bloomberg.comSubscribe now to stay ahead with the most trusted business news source.©2021 Bloomberg L.P.","['investors', 'money', 'unicredit', 'start', 'orcels', 'chaos', 'took', 'terms', 'bank', 'dents', 'pay', 'euro', 'payment', 'bond', 'highenergy', 'coupon']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-calling-annual-general-meeting-063000920.html,Notice calling the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,"Registration of the shareholders begins at 10:00 AM at the venue of the general meeting.The supervisory board of AS Tallink Grupp determined the following agenda of the annual general meeting and presents the following proposals to the shareholders:1.___________________________________The list of shareholders entitled to participate in the annual general meeting shall be determined seven calendar days before holding the general meeting, i.e.The shareholders whose shares represent at least 1/20 of the share capital may demand inclusion of additional issues on the agenda of the annual general meeting if such demand is presented no later than 15 days before the general meeting is held.The annual general meeting will be held in the Estonian language with simultaneous translation into the English language.","Dear shareholder of AS Tallink Grupp,The management board of AS Tallink Grupp, registration code 10238429, location and address at Sadama 5, 10111 Tallinn, is calling the annual general meeting of shareholders on 15 June 2021 at 11:00 AM (Estonian time) at the conference centre of Tallink SPA & Conference Hotel, at the address Sadama 11a, Tallinn.Registration of the shareholders begins at 10:00 AM at the venue of the general meeting.The supervisory board of AS Tallink Grupp determined the following agenda of the annual general meeting and presents the following proposals to the shareholders:1. Approval of the annual report of the financial year 2020To approve the annual report of the financial year 2020 of AS Tallink Grupp presented by the management board.2. Resolution of covering the lossTo approve the proposal presented by the management board of AS Tallink Grupp:1) To approve the net loss of the financial year of 2020 in the amount of 108,308,000 euros and to cover the net loss with the retained earnings from previous periods;2) No dividend distribution to the shareholders.3. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe management board has proposed to grant to the supervisory board of the company the right to increase the share capital to a greater extent than provided in the current version of the articles of association. Pursuant to the proposal the supervisory board shall be authorised within 3 years to increase the share capital by up to 35,000,000 euros, that gives the company more flexibility and grants the possibility to react more swiftly to the market changes and in case of need to adopt resolution on the increase of the share capital of the company in order to strengthen the financial position of the company. The exact extent of the share capital increase (within the limits provided in the articles of association) and the terms thereof shall be decided by the supervisory board as appropriate.Taking into account the above the supervisory board proposes to amend the articles of association as follows:Story continuesTo amend the second sentence of Article 2.4. of the Articles of Association and word it as follows:“Supervisory board shall be authorised within 3 years as from 1 July 2021 to increase the share capital by up to 35,000,000 euros, increasing the share capital up to 349,844,558.80 euros.”4. Extension of authority of the member of the supervisory board and payment of remunerationDue to the expiry of the term of authority of the member of the supervisory board Kalev Järvelill on 12.06.2021, extend the authorities of Kalev Järvelill as the supervisory board member for the next 3-year term of office retroactively from 13.06.2021.To continue the remuneration of the members of the supervisory board pursuant to the resolution no 5 of 07.06.2012 of the Annual General Meeting of shareholders of AS Tallink Grupp.5. Appointment of an auditor for the financial year 2021 and the determination of the procedure of remuneration of the auditorTo appoint the audit firm KPMG Baltics OÜ to conduct the audit of the financial year 2021 and to remunerate the auditor in accordance with the contract to be concluded with the auditor.___________________________________The list of shareholders entitled to participate in the annual general meeting shall be determined seven calendar days before holding the general meeting, i.e. as at the end of the business day of the settlement system of the registrar of the Estonian register of securities (Nasdaq CSD SE) and Euroclear Finland Oy on 8 June 2021 (record date).The documents related to the annual general meeting of AS Tallink Grupp, the documents to be presented to the general meeting and the other important information related to the general meeting, inter alia, the drafts of the resolutions, annual report of the financial year 2020 of AS Tallink Grupp, the supervisory board’s report, the sworn auditor’s report, the proposal for covering of loss and the substantiations presented by the shareholders regarding items on the agenda (if any are received) and the information concerning the candidate for the supervisory board member and the candidate for the auditor, may be examined on the website of AS Tallink Grupp at the address www.tallink.com/annual-general-meeting/2021 , on the website of the Tallinn Stock Exchange at the address www.nasdaqbaltic.com and in the office of AS Tallink Grupp at the address Sadama 5, Tallinn, 1st floor, on business days from 09:00 AM to 4:00 PM as of the notification of the general meeting until the date of holding the general meeting. The information stipulated in § 2941 of the Commercial Code is available to the shareholders on the website of AS Tallink Grupp at the address www.tallink.com/annual-general-meeting/2021 until the date of holding the general meeting (included).A shareholder may ask questions concerning the matters on the agenda by sending the respective questions to the email address investortallink.ee .A shareholder has the right to receive information from the management board on the activities of AS Tallink Grupp at the general meeting of AS Tallink Grupp. The management board may refuse to give information if there is a basis to presume that this may cause significant damage to the interests of the public limited company. If the management board refuses to provide information, the shareholder may demand that the general meeting decide on the legality of the shareholder’s request or to file, within two weeks as from the holding of the general meeting, a petition to a court by way of proceedings on petition in order to obligate the management board to provide the information.The shareholders whose shares represent at least 1/20 of the share capital may demand inclusion of additional issues on the agenda of the annual general meeting if such demand is presented no later than 15 days before the general meeting is held. The shareholders whose shares represent at least 1/20 of the share capital may submit to the public limited company a draft resolution for every item of the agenda. This right may not be exercised later than 3 days before the general meeting is held. The aforementioned documents shall be submitted to AS Tallink Grupp in writing to the address AS Tallink Grupp, Sadama 5, 10111 Tallinn or be sent in electronic form (signed with a qualified e-signature in the meaning of eIDAS Regulation – e.g. a digital signature) to the email address investortallink.ee .AS Tallink Grupp does not enable electronic participation in or electronic voting at the general meeting (§ 331 of the General Part of the Civil Code Act and § 2901 of the Commercial Code) nor voting before the meeting (§ 2982 of the Commercial Code).Instructions for the participants in the annual general meeting:1. Shareholders who are registered in the share register maintained by Nasdaq CSD SEWe kindly ask the shareholders, who are as at the record date registered in the share register maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE and who wish to participate in the annual general meeting, to present the following documents for registration:Shareholder who is a natural person should present an identity document (passport or ID card).Representative of a shareholder who is a natural person should present an identity document (passport or ID card) and a duly signed written power of attorney or a power of attorney in electronic form (signed with a qualified e-signature in the meaning of eIDAS Regulation – e.g. a digital signature).Legal representative of a shareholder who is a legal person should present an extract (or other similar document) from the respective business register in which the legal person is registered, which shows the person’s right to represent the shareholder (legal persons registered in Estonia should present an extract of the commercial register registry card which has been made no later than 15 days before the general meeting is held; legal persons registered in a foreign country should present a certified extract (or other similar document) which is not older than 6 months), and an identity document of the representative (passport of ID card).Authorized representative of a legal person whose right of representation does not show from the respective business register extract (or other similar document) should, in addition to the aforementioned documents, present a power of attorney in written or electronic form (signed with a qualified e-signature in the meaning of eIDAS Regulation – e.g. a digital signature) duly issued by the legal representative of the shareholder.The documents of a shareholder who is a legal person registered in a foreign country, which have been issued by a foreign official, must be legalized or apostilled.A translation into Estonian prepared by a sworn translator should be attached to the documents that are in a foreign language.Documents in electronic form (signed with a qualified e-signature in the meaning of eIDAS Regulation – e.g. a digital signature) should be sent by email to the address investortallink.ee no later than 14 June 2021, 4:00 PM (Estonian time). The documents that arrive later shall not be accepted.AS Tallink Grupp may register an aforementioned shareholder as a participant in the general meeting also in case all the required data concerning the legal person and its representative are contained in a notarized power of attorney issued to the representative in a foreign country and the power of attorney is acceptable in Estonia.2. Shareholders registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy (holders of Finnish share depositary receipts (FDRs) – hereinafter the FDR holders)In order to participate in the annual general meeting, the FDR holders are kindly asked, for organizational purposes, to inform AS Tallink Grupp in writing or in a form which can be reproduced in writing of his/her/its intention to participate in the annual general meeting and to provide the copies of the documents requested below (the originals should be presented at the meeting) no later than 14 June 2021, 4:00 PM (Estonian time) by mail to the address Sadama 5, Tallinn 10111, Estonia or by email to the address investortallink.ee .Nordea Bank Abp as the FDRs agent shall issue a power of attorney authorizing each FDR holder to vote at the annual general meeting with the number of votes corresponding to the number of FDRs held by the FDR holder as at the record date. The power of attorney issued by Nordea Bank Abp is issued with the right to delegate the authorization.We kindly ask the FDR holders, who are registered as at the record date in the share register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy and who would like to participate in the annual general meeting, to present for the registration the documents indicated above in section 1 of the instructions.FDR holders, who hold their FDRs on a nominee account, should present, in addition to the aforementioned documents, a power of attorney issued by his/her/its Finnish account operator. The form of the respective power of attorney is available from the website of AS Tallink Grupp at the address www.tallink.com/annual-general-meeting/2021 .The annual general meeting will be held in the Estonian language with simultaneous translation into the English language.A shareholder may, before the general meeting is held, notify AS Tallink Grupp of the appointment of a representative and of the withdrawal of the authorization by the principal by email to the address investortallink.ee or by delivering the aforementioned documents to the office of AS Tallink Grupp at Sadama 5, Tallinn, 1st floor on business days from 9:00 AM to 4:00 PM no later than 14 June 2021 at 4:00 PM (Estonian time), by using the forms provided on the website of AS Tallink Grupp at the address www.tallink.com/annual-general-meeting/2021 . Information about the procedure for the appointment of a representative and for the withdrawal of the authorization can be found on the website of AS Tallink Grupp at the address www.tallink.com/annual-general-meeting/2021 .Yours faithfully,Paavo NõgeneChairman of the management boardJoonas JoostFinancial DirectorAS Tallink GruppSadama 510111 Tallinn, EstoniaE-mail joonas.joosttallink.eeAttachment","['shareholders', 'notice', 'grupp', 'meeting', 'board', 'address', 'tallink', 'share', 'calling', 'annual', 'documents', 'general']",2021-05-24,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-saniona-ab-extraordinary-shareholders-173000884.html,Notice of Saniona AB extraordinary shareholders’ meeting,"556962-5345, are hereby invited to the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting (Sw. extra bolagsstämma) to be held on Tuesday 29 June 2021.This means that the meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders, proxies or external parties and that shareholders' exercise of voting rights at the meeting can only take place by advance shareholders voting in the order prescribed below.The advance voting form is considered as the notification of attendance to the meeting.The completed and signed form shall be sent to Saniona AB, Smedeland 26B, DK-2600 Glostrup, Denmark.The number of shares shall be not less than 62,300,000 shares and not more than 249,200,000 shares.","PRESS RELEASEMay 26, 2021The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation, the Swedish text shall prevail.The shareholders in Saniona AB, Reg. No. 556962-5345, are hereby invited to the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting (Sw. extra bolagsstämma) to be held on Tuesday 29 June 2021.In light of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic and in order to reduce the risk of infection spreading, the board of directors has resolved that the meeting will be held only by advance voting (postal vote) in accordance with temporary legislation. This means that the meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders, proxies or external parties and that shareholders' exercise of voting rights at the meeting can only take place by advance shareholders voting in the order prescribed below. Information on the resolutions passed by the meeting will be published on Tuesday 29 June 2021, as soon as the outcome of the advance voting is finally compiled.Right to participate and notice of participationShareholders wishing to participate in the meeting by advance voting must:be registered in the company’s share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Securities Register Center) as of Friday 18 June 2021; andhave notified their participation no later than Monday 28 June 2021 by casting their advance vote to the company in accordance with the instructions under the heading “Voting in advance” below so that the advance vote is received by the company no later than that day.Trustee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are trustee-registered in the name of a bank or other trustee must request the trustee to register their shares in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB (so called “voting rights registration”), to be able to exercise their voting rights at the meeting by advance voting. Such voting rights registration must be implemented by the trustee no later than Tuesday 22 June 2021. In advance of this date, shareholders must notify their trustee of their request of such voting rights registration.Story continuesVoting in advanceShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the meeting only by voting in advance, so called postal voting in accordance with Section 22 of the Act (2020:198) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of shareholders’ meetings in companies and other associations. A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on the company’s website ( www.saniona.com ). The advance voting form is considered as the notification of attendance to the meeting. The completed voting form must be submitted to the company no later than Monday 28 June 2021. The completed and signed form shall be sent to Saniona AB, Smedeland 26B, DK-2600 Glostrup, Denmark. A completed form may also be submitted electronically and is to be sent to CLOsaniona.com. If a shareholder votes in advance through a proxy, a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the form. A proxy form is available on the company's website ( www.saniona.com ). If the shareholder is a legal entity, a registration certificate or equivalent document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so, the vote will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the advance voting form.Proposed agenda0. Opening of the meeting.1. Election of chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.5. Consideration as to whether the meeting has been duly convened.6. Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association.7. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors regarding issues.8. Closing of the meeting.Resolution proposalsItem 1: Election of chairman of the meetingThe board of directors proposes that attorney Ola Grahn is elected as chairman of the meeting, or, in his absence, the person appointed by the board of directors instead.Item 2: Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list that is proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by the company, based on the share register of the meeting and received advance votes, controlled by the person verifying the minutes of the meeting.Item 4: Election of one or two persons to verify the minutesJohn Haurum, representing New Leaf Ventures, is proposed to, together with the chairman, verify the minutes of the meeting, or, in his absence, the person appointed by the board of directors instead. The assignment to verify the minutes also includes controlling the voting list and that received advance votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes.Item 6: Resolution on amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe board of directors proposes that the meeting resolves to amend the company’s Articles of Association in accordance with the following:§ 4 Share capital and number of sharesCurrent wordingThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 1,470,000 and not more than SEK 5,880,000. The number of shares shall be not less than 29,400,000 shares and not more than 117,600,000 shares.Proposed wordingThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 3,115,000 and not more than SEK 12,460,000. The number of shares shall be not less than 62,300,000 shares and not more than 249,200,000 shares.The company’s CEO shall be authorized to make such minor formal adjustments of the resolution as might be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).Item 7: Resolution on authorization for the board of directors regarding issuesThe board of directors proposes that the meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors, within the limits of the company’s Articles of Association, at one or several occasions, during the time up until the next annual shareholders’ meeting, with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights, to resolve to issue new shares, warrants and/or convertibles. An issue should be able to be made with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind, set-off or other conditions. In case the authorization is used for an issue with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights, the subscription price shall be on market terms (subject to customary new issue discount, as applicable). The purpose of the authorization is to be able to source working capital, to be able to execute and finance acquisitions of companies and assets as well as to enable new issues to industrial partners within the framework of partnerships and alliances.The company’s CEO shall be authorized to make such minor formal adjustments of the resolution as might be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).Particular majority requirementsFor valid resolutions on the proposals pursuant to items 6 and 7, the proposals have to be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall, if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believes that it can be done without significant harm to the company, provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda. Requests for such information must be submitted via e-mail to CLOsaniona.com or by post to Saniona AB, Smedeland 26B, DK-2600 Glostrup, Denmark, no later than Saturday 19 June 2021. The information is provided by keeping it available at the company's office and website, no later than Thursday 24 June 2021. The information will also be sent within the same time to the shareholders who have requested it and provided their postal or e-mail address.Meeting documentsThe complete proposals for resolutions and other documents for the meeting, are presented by keeping them available at the company’s office at Smedeland 26B, DK-2600 Glostrup, Denmark and at the company’s website ( www.saniona.com ) as from no later than three weeks prior to the meeting, and will also be sent to shareholders who request it and provide their address. The share register of the meeting will also be available at the company’s office.Number of shares and votes in the companyThe total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 62,385,677. The company does not hold any own shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed, see -notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .____________________Malmö in May 2021Saniona AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information, please contactTrista Morrison, Chief Communications Officer, Saniona. Office: + 1 (781) 810-9227. Email: trista.morrisonsaniona.comThis information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, at 19.30 CEST on May 26, 2021.About SanionaSaniona is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing, and delivering innovative treatments for rare disease patients around the world. The company’s lead product candidate, Tesomet, is in mid-stage clinical trials for hypothalamic obesity and Prader-Willi syndrome, severe rare disorders characterized by uncontrollable hunger and intractable weight gain. Saniona’s robust drug discovery engine has generated a library now consisting of more than 20,000 proprietary modulators of ion channels, a significantly untapped drug class that is scientifically validated. Lead candidate SAN711 is entering Phase 1 for rare neuropathic disorders, with SAN903 for rare inflammatory and fibrotic disorders advancing through preclinical development. Led by an experienced scientific and operational team, Saniona has an established research organization in Copenhagen, Denmark and is building its corporate office in the Boston, Massachusetts area, U.S. The company’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Small Cap (OMX: SANION). Read more at www.saniona.com.Attachment","['shareholders', 'form', 'notice', 'ab', 'meeting', 'board', 'directors', 'advance', 'companys', 'shares', 'extraordinary', 'voting', 'saniona', 'shall']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bulletin-saniona-ab-annual-shareholders-163000148.html,"Bulletin from the Saniona AB annual shareholders’ meeting on May 26, 2021, and information regarding planned extraordinary shareholders’ meeting","PRESS RELEASEMay 26, 2021Today, on May 26, 2021, the annual shareholders’ meeting was held in Saniona AB.The notice to the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting will be issued separately today.A summary of the resolutions adopted at the annual shareholders’ meeting follows below.Discharge from liability for the board members and the CEOStory continuesThe annual shareholders’ meeting resolved to discharge the board members and the CEO from liability for the financial year 2020.Resolution on approval of remuneration reportThe annual shareholders’ meeting resolved to approve the board of directors’ remuneration report for the financial year 2020.","PRESS RELEASEMay 26, 2021Today, on May 26, 2021, the annual shareholders’ meeting was held in Saniona AB. In light of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic and in order to reduce the risk of infection spreading, the annual shareholders’ meeting was held only by advance voting (postal vote) in accordance with temporary legislation. All resolutions were adopted with the required majority of votes, apart from the proposals on resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association and on authorization for the board of directors regarding issues. However, the board has been informed that multiple of the company’s largest shareholders had attempted to register their shares for the annual shareholders’ meeting but, due to technical errors beyond their control, their shares were not registered in the separate share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB for Saniona’s annual shareholders’ meeting, resulting in these shareholders being unable to vote at the meeting. In light of this information, the board has resolved to convene an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting to be held on 29 June 2021 so as to provide all shareholders with the opportunity to vote on these matters. The notice to the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting will be issued separately today.A summary of the resolutions adopted at the annual shareholders’ meeting follows below.Resolution on adoption of accounts and distribution of the company’s profit for 2020The annual shareholders’ meeting resolved to adopt the profit and loss statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheet for 2020. The annual shareholders’ meeting also resolved to distribute the company’s result in accordance with the proposal from the board of directors, meaning that no dividends are paid for the financial year 2020 and that available funds are carried forward to a new account.Discharge from liability for the board members and the CEOStory continuesThe annual shareholders’ meeting resolved to discharge the board members and the CEO from liability for the financial year 2020.Election of board members and auditor as well as remuneration for the board members and auditorThe annual shareholders’ meeting resolved, in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee, to re-elect J. Donald deBethizy, Jørgen Drejer, Anna Ljung, Edward C. Saltzman and Carl Johan Sundberg as ordinary board members. J. Donald deBethizy was re-elected as chairman of the board. Remuneration to the board shall be paid with SEK 400,000 to the chairman of the board, with SEK 250,000 to each of the members of the board, who are not employed by Saniona or any of its subsidiaries, and an additional SEK 140,000 for each member of the board domiciled in North America. Furthermore, it was resolved that remuneration for committee work shall be paid with SEK 120,000 to the chairman of the Audit Committee, with SEK 60,000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee and with SEK 60,000 to each member of the Remuneration Committee, provided that no remuneration for committee work shall be paid to members of the board, who are employed by Saniona or any of its subsidiaries.Furthermore, the annual shareholders’ meeting resolved, in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee, to re-elect Deloitte AB as the accounting firm and that the remuneration for the auditor shall be paid in accordance with customary norms and approved invoice. Deloitte AB has notified that the certified accountant Jeanette Roosberg will continue to be the auditor in charge.Resolution on instruction and charter for the Nomination CommitteeThe annual shareholders’ meeting resolved, in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee, that a Nomination Committee shall be appointed before coming election and remuneration. The Nomination Committee shall be comprised of three members, which shall be the chairman of the board of directors and two members appointed by the two largest shareholders as of last September. Furthermore, an instruction and charter for the Nomination Committee was adopted.Resolution on remuneration of the Nomination Committee for work ahead of the annual shareholders’ meeting in 2022The annual shareholders’ meeting resolved, in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee, that remuneration should be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee for the work up and until the annual shareholders’ meeting to be held in 2022 with SEK 30,000 to each member, who is not also a board member.Resolution on remuneration of the Nomination Committee for work up and until the annual shareholders’ meeting in 2021The annual shareholders’ meeting resolved, in accordance with the proposal from the Nomination Committee, that, with retroactive effect, remuneration should be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee for the work up and until the annual shareholders’ meeting to be held in 2021 with SEK 30,000 to each member, who is not also a board member.Resolution on approval of remuneration reportThe annual shareholders’ meeting resolved to approve the board of directors’ remuneration report for the financial year 2020.Resolution on amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe board’s proposal on amendment of the Articles of Association did not reach the required majority of votes, whereby the matter lapsed.Resolution on authorization for the board of directors regarding issuesThe board’s proposal on authorization for the board of directors regarding issues did not reach the required majority of votes, whereby the matter lapsed.Malmö on May 26, 2021Saniona AB (publ)For more information, please contactTrista Morrison, Chief Communications Officer, Saniona. Office: + 1 (781) 810-9227. Email: trista.morrisonsaniona.comThis information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, at 18.30 CEST on May 26, 2021.About SanionaSaniona is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing, and delivering innovative treatments for rare disease patients around the world. The company’s lead product candidate, Tesomet, is in mid-stage clinical trials for hypothalamic obesity and Prader-Willi syndrome, severe rare disorders characterized by uncontrollable hunger and intractable weight gain. Saniona’s robust drug discovery engine has generated a library now consisting of more than 20,000 proprietary modulators of ion channels, a significantly untapped drug class that is scientifically validated. Lead candidate SAN711 is entering Phase 1 for rare neuropathic disorders, with SAN903 for rare inflammatory and fibrotic disorders advancing through preclinical development. Led by an experienced scientific and operational team, Saniona has an established research organization in Copenhagen, Denmark and is building its corporate office in the Boston, Massachusetts area, U.S. The company’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Small Cap (OMX: SANION). Read more at www.saniona.com.Attachment","['shareholders', 'regarding', 'members', 'committee', 'ab', 'meeting', 'board', 'resolved', 'sek', 'remuneration', 'information', 'extraordinary', 'saniona', 'bulletin', 'annual', 'nomination', 'planned']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/11-2021-trifork-announces-result-044500685.html,11/2021・Trifork announces the result of its Initial Public Offering,"Trifork announces the result of its Initial Public OfferingWith reference to company announcement no.Provided that the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the Offering will comprise of 8,171,762 shares in total.The total value of the Offering amounts to approximately DKK 1.066 billion, and approximately DKK 1.226 billion if the over-allotment option is exercised in full.The free float will be between 59% and 65% of the Company’s share capital, depending on the potential exercise of the over-allotment option.No costs, interest or other payments shall be made by the Group as a result of the share lending agreement or the Over-allotment Option, if exercised.","Company announcement no. 11 / 2021Schindellegi, Switzerland - 27 May 2021NOT FOR PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR CANADA, AUSTRALIA, JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFULThis announcement does not constitute an offering memorandum or a prospectus as defined by Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017. The offer to acquire securities pursuant to any offering is made, and any investor should make his investment decision, solely on the basis of information that is contained in a prospectus made generally available in Denmark in connection with the offering. Copies of the prospectus may be obtained by persons in Denmark through the website of the Company as set forth elsewhere in this announcement.Trifork announces the result of its Initial Public OfferingWith reference to company announcement no. 9/2021 dated 17 May 2021 as published by Trifork Holding AG (Swiss company registration number CHE-474.101.854) (“Trifork” or the ""Company"") in connection with the initial public offering (the “Offering”) and admission to trading and official listing of the Trifork's shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen, Trifork today announces the result of the Offering.Julie Galbo, Chairperson of Trifork, said:“I am very pleased to welcome all the new shareholders of Trifork, both private and institutional investors. We are overwhelmed and humbled by the huge interest in the IPO of Trifork, which means that we cannot fully allocate all orders. The successful IPO of Trifork is an acknowledgement of Trifork’s unique business model, ambitions to drive digitization processes internationally and to continue the solid and profitable growth track record. I want to thank the management team and all the dedicated people at Trifork for their contributions, in particular during the IPO process.”Jørn Larsen, Founder and CEO of Trifork, said:“We are grateful and very encouraged by the positive and inspiring feedback we have received from investors in the past weeks. We will work hard to deliver on the expectations of all our new shareholders. The IPO is a good platform to continue our growth journey and to continue to make innovative software solutions that make life better and easier for everyone.”Story continuesHighlights of the OfferingAn offer price of DKK 150 per share of nominal value of CHF 0.10 each.The Offering attracted substantial interest from both Danish retail and Danish and international institutional investors.6,165,647 existing shares sold on behalf of the Selling Shareholders (as defined below) and 940,233 new shares sold on behalf of the Company. The existing shares are being offered by GRO Holding I ApS, Kresten Krab Holding ApS, Jørn Larsen and certain other shareholders in the Company (jointly referred to as the ""Selling Shareholders"").An over-allotment option to acquire up to 1,065,882 additional shares has been granted to the Joint Global Coordinators by the Selling Shareholders, exercisable, in whole or in part, until 26 June 2021. The over-allotment option corresponds to 15% of the Offer Shares. Provided that the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the Offering will comprise of 8,171,762 shares in total.The total value of the Offering amounts to approximately DKK 1.066 billion, and approximately DKK 1.226 billion if the over-allotment option is exercised in full. The Offering corresponds to a total market value of all issued shares of the Company of approximately DKK 2.962 billion.Following completion and settlement of the Offering, Jørn Larsen, Kresten Krab Holding ApS and GRO Holding I ApS will hold respectively 19.49%, 8.12% and 2.81% of the share capital and voting rights of the Company, assuming no exercise of the over-allotment option, and 19.30%, 6.63% and 0.00%, respectively, assuming full exercise of the over-allotment option.223,083 Offer Shares are allocated to the Company to be sold to employees of the Group at the offer price following the Offering.The Company will receive approximately DKK 120 million in net proceeds from the sale of the new shares. The Company will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the existing shares by the Selling Shareholders.The free float will be between 59% and 65% of the Company’s share capital, depending on the potential exercise of the over-allotment option.Ferd AS, Chr. Augustinus Fabrikker A/S, Danica Pension, Livsforsikringsaktieselskab, Funds managed by I&T Asset Management (Fondsmæglerselskabet Investering & Tryghed A/S) and Spar Nord Bank A/S have as Conerstone Investors been allocated Offer Shares for DKK 600 million, corresponding to approximately 56% of the Offering excluding the over-allotment option or 49% of the Offering if the over-allotment option is exercised in full.More than 9,000 new investors have been allocated shares in Trifork. Approximately 10% of the Offer Shares have been allocated to retail investors in Denmark and approximately 90% have been allocated to Danish and international institutional investors.With respect to applications to purchase amounts of more than DKK 3 million, individual allocations have been determined by the Joint Global Coordinators after agreement upon such allocations with the Board of Directors of the Company and the Selling Shareholders.With respect to applications to purchase amounts of up to and including DKK 3 million, reductions have been made mathematically: Orders for up to and including 45 shares, corresponding to DKK 6,750, have been allocated in full. Orders for more than 45 shares have been allocated 45 shares and 4% of the remaining order. For orders that have been reduced as a result of a proportionate allocation, the orders have been rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares.First day of trading of the Temporary Purchase Certificates on Nasdaq Copenhagen is expected to commence on 27 May 2021 under the symbol ""TRIFOR TEMP"". First day of trading and official listing of the shares in the Company on Nasdaq Copenhagen is expected to be 1 June 2021 under the symbol ""TRIFOR"".Following the Offering on Nasdaq Copenhagen, Trifork plans to apply for admission to trading of its shares on SIX Swiss Exchange as a dual-listing.Further details of the Offering may be found in Appendix A (“ Result Statement ”).Temporary Purchase Certificates under the temporary ISIN CH1113156488 are expected to be delivered in book entry form electronically through the facilities of VP Securities, Euroclear and Clearstream on 31 May 2021 against payment in immediately available funds in DKK. The Temporary Purchase Certificates will automatically be exchanged to permanent shares in the permanent ISIN CH1111227810 in VP Securities A/S (""VP Securities"") for a corresponding number of shares on or around 2 June 2021.After the Offering and registration of the New Offer Shares with the Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, the nominal share capital of the Company will amount to CHF 1,974,489.90.Home member stateIn accordance with Section 21 of the Danish Capital Markets Act, the Company has chosen Denmark as its home member state.Bank syndicate and legal advisersCarnegie Investment Bank, Credit Suisse and Danske Bank have been appointed to act as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners. Plesner Advokatpartnerselskab and Davis Polk & Wardwell London LLP are acting as legal counsel to the Company, and Kromann Reumert and Milbank LLP are acting as legal counsel to the Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners.For further information, please contact:InvestorsDan Dysli, Head of Investor Relationsddytrifork.com, +41 79 421 6299MediaPeter Rørsgaard, Trifork CMOprotrifork.com, +45 2042 2494About TriforkTrifork Group, headquartered in Schindellegi, Switzerland, with offices in 11 countries in Europe and North America, is an international IT group focusing on the development of innovative software solutions. The group was founded in Denmark in 1996 and now has more than 800 employees in business units, focusing on three vertical business areas: Digital Health, FinTech and Smart Buildings and three horizontals: Cloud Operations, Cyber Protection and Smart Enterprise. Trifork optimizes its customers’ businesses by delivering effective and user-friendly digital solutions. As part of its innovation program, Trifork produces technical content in collaboration with hundreds of tech-experts from the leading universities and startups. With the GOTO brand and the YouTube tech-channel, Trifork serves a world-wide tech community of more than 215,000 people and with more than 20 million views since its inception. Trifork’s R&D is anchored in the Trifork Labs, where Trifork continuously co-founds and develops IT start-up companies. The startups deliver technology that Trifork uses to produce innovative solutions for customers. Read more on trifork.comImportant noticeThis announcement does not constitute an offering memorandum or a prospectus as defined by Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") and nothing herein contains an offering of securities. No one should purchase or subscribe for any securities in the Company, except on the basis of information in any prospectus published by the Company in connection with a the offering and admission of such securities to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. Copies of the prospectus are available from the Company's registered office and on the website of the Company.This announcement is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities issued by Trifork Holding AG (the “Company”) in any jurisdiction where such offer or sale would be unlawful and the announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution or release, directly or indirectly, in or into such jurisdictions.This announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia) (the “United States”). This document does not constitute, or form part of, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities in the United States. The securities of Trifork Holding AG have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States. Any securities sold in the United States will be sold only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act.In any member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA Member State”), other than Denmark, this communication is only addressed to, and is only directed at, investors in that EEA Member State who fulfil the criteria for exemption from the obligation to publish an offering memorandum, including qualified investors, within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as implemented in each such EEA Member State.This announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) – (d) of the Order (the persons described in (i) through (iii) above together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.The Joint Global Coordinators and their affiliates are acting exclusively for the Company and the selling shareholders in the Offering and no-one else in connection with the offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company and the Selling Shareholders for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in relation to the offering, the contents of this announcement or any transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to herein.In connection with the offering, the Joint Global Coordinators and any of their affiliates, acting as investors for their own accounts, may subscribe for or purchase shares and in that capacity may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such shares and other securities of the Company or related investments in connection with the offering or otherwise. Accordingly, references in the offering memorandum or prospectus, to the shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, such Joint Global Coordinators and any of their affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. The Joint Global Coordinators do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.In connection with the potential offering, Carnegie Investment Bank, Filial af Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), Sverige (the “Stabilizing Manager”) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilizing Manager) may over-allot securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilizing Manager (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilizing Manager) will undertake stabilization in any potential offering. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date of commencement of trading and official listing of the securities on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than 30 days after the date of commencement of trading and official listing of the securities.Matters discussed in this document may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and that can be identified by words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “intends”, “estimate”, “will”, “may”, “continue”, “should”, and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this announcement are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date, and are subject to change without notice.NOT FOR PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR CANADA, AUSTRALIA, JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFULAppendix ARESULT STATEMENT RELATED TO THE OFFERING OF SHARES OF TRIFORK HOLDING AGThis document constitutes a statement on the results of the Offering of Offer Shares described in the offering circular published by Trifork Holding AG (the “Company” or “Trifork”) on 17 May 2021 (also referred to as a prospectus, the “Offering Circular”), and should be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular.Terms used and not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Offering Circular. The Offer Period closed on 26 May 2020 at 00:01 (CEST) for institutional and retail investors.The Offer Price and other Offering statistics are set forth below:1. Offering statisticsOffer Price per Offer Share DKK 150 Total number of Offer Shares offered (assuming the Overallotment Option is not exercised) 7,105,880 Total number of New Offer Shares offered by the Company 940,233 Total number of New Offer Shares offered by the Selling Shareholders (excluding the Overallotment Option) 6,165,647 Total number of Option Shares under the Overallotment Option1,065,882 Total number of Offer Shares offered (assuming the Overallotment Option is exercised in full) 8,171,762 Market capitalization of the Company at the Offer Price DKK 2,961,734,850 Aggregate gross proceeds receivable by the Company DKK 141,034,950 Percentage of outstanding share capital owned by the Company's existing shareholders following the Offering (assuming the Overallotment Option is not exercised) 64.01% Percentage of outstanding share capital owned by the Company's existing shareholders following the Offering (assuming the Overallotment Option is exercised in full) 58.61%2. Share lending agreement and Overallotment OptionThe Selling Shareholders have agreed with the Joint Global Coordinators to make available up to 1,065,882 existing Shares for purposes of delivery of the Offer Shares to investors in connection with the Over-allotment Option. The existing Shares made available by the Selling Shareholders shall be redelivered by the Joint Global Coordinators, no later than following the expiry of the Over-allotment Option if the Over-allotment Option is not exercised. No costs, interest or other payments shall be made by the Group as a result of the share lending agreement or the Over-allotment Option, if exercised.3. Share capital informationUpon completion of the Offering, the Company’s registered share capital will amount to CHF 1,974,489.90, divided into 19,744,899 Shares with a nominal value of CHF 0.10 each or multiples thereof.The first day of trading in the Temporary Purchase Certificates on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the symbol “TRIFOR TEMP” is expected to be today, 27 May 2021. Trading in the Temporary Purchase Certificates will be conditional until specific conditions are met and commence before all such conditions are met and will be suspended if the Offering is not completed. Consequently, all dealings in the Temporary Purchase Certificates and Offer Shares prior to settlement of the Offering, and the Company making an announcement to that effect, will be conditional on the Offering not being withdrawn prior to settlement of the Offering, and the Company making an announcement to that effect, and any such dealings will be for the account of, and at the sole risk of, the parties concerned.The last day of trading in the Temporary Purchase Certificates on Nasdaq Copenhagen is expected to be 31 May 2021. The first day of trading and official listing of the Shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the permanent ISIN is expected to be 1 June 2021. In connection with the Temporary Purchase Certificates being automatically exchanged for Shares, the Temporary Purchase Certificates will cease to exist.Payment for and settlement of the Offer Shares by delivery of Temporary Purchase Certificates is expected to take place on 31 May 2021 against payment in immediately available funds in Danish kroner in book-entry form to investors’ accounts with VP Securities A/S and through the facilities of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.A., as operator of the Euroclear System and Clearstream Banking, S.A.If the Offering is terminated or withdrawn before settlement on 31 May 2021, the Offering and any associated arrangements will lapse, all submitted orders will be automatically cancelled, any monies received in respect of the Offering will be returned to the investors without interest (less any transaction costs) and admission to trading and official listing of the Shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen will be cancelled. Consequently, any trades in the Temporary Purchase Certificates and/or Shares effected on or off the market before settlement of the Offering may subject investors to liability for not being able to deliver the Shares sold, and investors who have sold or acquired Shares on or off the market may incur a loss. All dealings in the Temporary Purchase Certificates and/or Offer Shares prior to settlement of the Offering are for the account of, and at the sole risk of, the parties concerned.4. Ownership structureThe table below set out the information of the ownership of the Company prior to the Offering on an actual basis and on an adjusted basis to give effect to the Offering assuming (a) the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full and (b) the Over-allotment Option is not exercised. Based on the information available to the Company, the table below describes the individual shareholdings of those shareholders that hold prior to, and are expected to hold upon completion of, the Offering, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of the Company’s voting rights. The information in the tables on shares controlled by the Board of Directors, the Executive Management and the Key Employee also include indirect holdings and holdings through other legal entities. In case the shareholding percentages do not sum to 100% in the following table, this is due to rounding.Prior to the Offering Upon completion of the Offering No exercise of the Over-allotment Option Full exercise of the Over-allotment Option Shareholder Sharesheld % of voting rights Sharesheld % of voting rights Sharesheld % of voting rights Jørn Larsen(1) 4,509,858 23.98% 3,849,140 19.49% 3,809,995 19.30% GRO Capital A/S(2) 3,760,384 20.00% 554,257 2.81% — — Kresten Krab Thorup(3) 3,308,840 17.60% 1,603,627 8.12% 1,308,840 6.63% Other existing Shareholders 7,225,584 38.42% 6,631,995 33.59% 6,454,302 32.69% New Shareholders — — 7,105,880 35.99% 8,171,762 41.39% Total 18,804,666 100% 19,744,899 100% 19,744,899 100% Board of Directors Julie B. Galbo 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% Olivier Jaquet 64,145 0.34% 64,145 0.32% 64,145 0.32% Casey Rosenthal 2,058 0.01% 2,058 0.01% 2,058 0.01% Maria Hjorth 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% Lars Lunde (through GRO Holding I ApS and GRO Fund I K/S) 3,760,384 20.00% 554,257 2.81% — — Executive Management Jørn Larsen(1) 4,509,858 23.98% 3,849,140 19.49% 3,809,995 19.30% Kristian Wulf-Andersen(1) 312,539 1.66% 259,529 1.31% 259,470 1.31% Key Employee Jesper Grankær Carøe(1) 193,620 1.03% 142,262 0.72% 136,178 0.69%(1) Directly and indirectly through Blackbird II ApS, a holding company owned by the CEO, Jørn Larsen, the CFO, Kristian Wulf-Andersen, and, indirectly, the Key Employee, Jesper Grankær Carøe, as well as another employee of the Group. Jørn Larsen holds 78 % of the share capital of Blackbird II ApS.(2) Through GRO Holding I ApS, a direct co-investment vehicle for GRO Fund I K/S, which is managed by GRO Capital A/S.(3) Directly and indirectly through Kresten Krab Thorup ApS and SSN THORUP ApS.Attachment","['shareholders', 'overallotment', 'announces', 'offering', '112021trifork', 'result', 'public', 'securities', 'option', 'purchase', 'company', 'offer', 'shares', 'initial', 'trifork']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210524005600/en/NOXXON-Announces-Convocation-of-Its-Hybrid-2021-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders,NOXXON Announces Convocation of Its Hybrid 2021 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,"Shareholders do not need to be present to cast their vote at the AGM on June 24, 2021.Further details on proxy voting are given in the Attendance Notice for this AGM available on the company’s website (www.noxxon.com).The company acknowledges that constraints caused by the COVID-19 pandemic restrict the physical presence of its shareholders at the AGM and thus, to ask questions at the meeting.The board and the company would like to thank them for their service, strong contributions and strategic guidance over the past years.The company cautions prospective investors not to rely on such forward-looking statements as certain prognoses of actual future events and developments.","BERLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:NOXXON Pharma N.V. (Paris:ALNOX) (Euronext Growth Paris: ALNOX), a biotechnology company focused on improving cancer treatments by targeting the tumor microenvironment (TME), announced today that due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic the annual general meeting of shareholders of the company (the AGM) will be convened as a hybrid meeting at 02.00 p.m. CEST on June 24, 2021. The chair of the AGM will be physically present at the offices of Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP, Strawinskylaan 10, 1077 XZ in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, while the management and board members will be provided a remote access to participate.In light of the public health risks arising from the coronavirus and the restrictive measures implemented in the Netherlands and elsewhere to reduce gatherings of people, the company urges its shareholders not to attend the AGM in person. Shareholders do not need to be present to cast their vote at the AGM on June 24, 2021. Instead, they are advised to give voting instructions by proxy. Further details on proxy voting are given in the Attendance Notice for this AGM available on the company’s website (www.noxxon.com).The company acknowledges that constraints caused by the COVID-19 pandemic restrict the physical presence of its shareholders at the AGM and thus, to ask questions at the meeting. For this reason, shareholders who decide not to attend the AGM on June 24, 2021 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and who wish to submit questions regarding items on the AGM agenda, may submit their questions by email to shareholdersnoxxon.com until 05.00 p.m. CEST on Monday, June 21, 2021. The email submitting such question(s) must include name, surname, number of shares held by the shareholder on the Registration Date for the AGM and the agenda item to which the question relates.The annual accounts for the year ending December 31, 2020 and the report of the board of directors for 2020, the convocation to the AGM, the agenda and the explanatory notes to the agenda, the instructions and documents for participation and voting at the AGM; and the explanatory notes to agenda items 6 and 7 with respect to the partial amendments of the Articles of Association are available on the company’s website. These documents are also available at the company's offices at Max-Dohrn-Strasse 8-10, 10589 Berlin, Germany, for shareholders and persons entitled to attend the meeting who, upon request, will receive a copy free of charge.New board member nominationsThe term of office of Dr. deBethizy and Mr. Köhler as members of the supervisory board will expire on the day of the General Meeting 2021 and both have informed the company that they will not be available for re-appointment. The board and the company would like to thank them for their service, strong contributions and strategic guidance over the past years.In order to support the current development of the company and broaden its exposure to the US financial market, the supervisory board has made the binding nominations of Susan Coles, Dr. Martine van Vugt and Gregory Weaver as additional members of the supervisory board.“We are delighted that Susan, Martine and Gregory accepted to join NOXXON’s supervisory board at a critical time for the company as we approach the delivery of key clinical data in glioblastoma and plan to initiate NOXXON’s next trial in pancreatic cancer. Provided shareholders’ approval at the AGM, these three new board members would bring a tremendous level of expertise in licensing, M&A, and access to top quality European and US investors to NOXXON and we very much look forward to a fruitful collaboration,” commented Maurizio PetitBon, Chairman of NOXXON’s supervisory board.Susan ColesSusan Coles (Paris, France; 55) is a specialist in corporate law with over 25 years of experience in international collaborations and corporate/commercial activities, including more than 15 years in the life sciences sector. Susan is General Counsel and Head of Finance at Vivet Therapeutics, a private gene therapy biotech company with a strong investor base, including Roche Venture Fund, Novartis Venture Funds, HealthCap, Columbus Venture Partners, Kurma Partners, Ysios Capital, Idinvest Partners and Pfizer Inc.Prior to joining Vivet Therapeutics, Susan was General Counsel for 3 years at Stallergenes, a global leader in allergy immunotherapy, and has also acted as General Counsel for 4 years at Inventiva, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company listed on Euronext and Nasdaq.Between 2002-2012, Susan was a Senior Counsel in charge of Licensing and Acquisitions at Laboratoires Fournier and subsequently at Solvay Pharmaceuticals, after its acquisition of Laboratoires Fournier.Prior to these experiences, Susan worked for 7 years in the field of international partnerships and mergers and acquisitions. Susan has a strong track record in advising senior management on strategic and operational matters as well as broad experience in business negotiation and strategic transactions. She holds a B.A. in Psychology from the University of British Columbia, and an LLB from the University of Toronto. Susan is an attorney of the Bar of Ontario and the New York Bar.Dr. Martine J. van VugtDr. Martine J. van Vugt (Utrecht, the Netherlands; 51) is a senior biopharma executive with 20 years of successful biotechnology industry experience. She is an inventor of Tepezza® (FDA approval in Jan 2020 with 2020 sales over US$800 million) and the blockbuster product Darzalex® (human CD38 antibody for treatment of Multiple Myeloma with US$4 billion in global sales in 2020). She is an expert in corporate transactional and licensing operations, such as strategic partnering, in- and out-licensing, as well as asset divestment and purchases and led negotiations of over 20 partnering deals, including partnerships with Janssen, Novartis, BioNTech, Immatics and CureVac, with an aggregate potential value exceeding US$10 billion.Martine started her professional career at Genmab in 2001, where she currently holds the position of Senior Vice President Corporate Strategy and Planning. Martine also holds board positions at Holland Bio, a non-profit organization representing the biotech industry in the Netherlands, and at Immagene B.V., a startup biotech company active in the field of small molecule development for immuno-oncology targets. Martine holds an M.Sc. in biology from the University of Wageningen and a Ph.D. in immunology from Utrecht University.Gregory WeaverGreg Weaver (Arizona, USA; 65) is an active CFO with over 25 years in the life science industry ranging from startups to publicly traded commercial stage companies. His most recent roles include Oryzon Genomics, Prometic Life Sciences and Eloxx Pharmaceuticals. Greg is currently CFO of atai Life Sciences, a Berlin-based pre-IPO company developing therapeutics for mental health conditions. Greg has raised over US$1.5 billion in financing transactions, managed 3 IPOs, and has extensive M&A and business development experience. Greg has served as a board member and audit and compensation chair for four Nasdaq-listed biotech companies.Since 2013, Greg has served as a board member of Atossa Therapeutics (Nasdaq), which develops breast cancer therapeutics. Greg also serves on the non-profit board of HarborPath, which delivers life-saving medication to the uninsured, and he serves on the Biotech Industry Organization (BIO) tax & finance committee. Greg holds a B.Sc. in Accounting and Finance from Trinity University in San Antonio (US) and an MBA from Boston College.Under Dutch law and the company’s Articles of Association, persons entitled to attend and to vote at the AGM are shareholders of the company (which for the purposes of this notice includes holders of a Dutch law right of usufruct) who (i) were registered as a shareholder in one of administration records of the intermediaries that are (indirectly) participants in Euroclear France on May 27, 2021 (the Registration Date) after all debit and credit entries have been handled as per the Registration Date and (ii) have notified the company by 05.00 p.m. CEST on June 17, 2021 of their attendance in writing or electronically (contact details are available on the company’s website).About NOXXONNOXXON’s oncology-focused pipeline acts on the tumor microenvironment (TME) and the cancer immunity cycle by breaking the tumor protection barrier and blocking tumor repair. By neutralizing chemokines in the TME, NOXXON’s approach works in combination with other forms of treatment to weaken tumor defenses against the immune system and enable greater therapeutic impact. NOXXON’s lead program NOX-A12 has delivered final top-line data from a Keytruda® combination trial in metastatic colorectal and pancreatic cancer patients published at the ESMO conference in September 2020 and based on the trial results, including overall survival and safety profile, further studies are being planned in pancreatic cancer. NOXXON is also studying NOX-A12 in brain cancer in combination with radiotherapy which has been granted orphan drug status in the US and EU for the treatment of certain brain cancers. A trial of NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy in newly diagnosed brain cancer patients who will not benefit from standard chemotherapy has delivered preliminary data from the first cohort showing consistent tumor reductions. The company’s second clinical-stage asset NOX-E36 is a Phase 2 TME asset targeting the innate immune system. NOXXON plans to test NOX‑E36 in patients with solid tumors. Further information can be found at: www.noxxon.comKeytruda® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp-pharma-ag_pharmaDisclaimerCertain statements in this communication contain formulations or terms referring to the future or future developments, as well as negations of such formulations or terms, or similar terminology. These are described as forward-looking statements. In addition, all information in this communication regarding planned or future results of business segments, financial indicators, developments of the financial situation or other financial or statistical data contains such forward-looking statements. The company cautions prospective investors not to rely on such forward-looking statements as certain prognoses of actual future events and developments. The company is neither responsible nor liable for updating such information, which only represents the state of affairs on the day of publication.","['shareholders', 'agm', 'announces', 'susan', '2021', 'cancer', 'noxxon', 'meeting', 'board', 'tumor', 'company', 'greg', 'general', 'annual', 'martine', 'convocation', 'hybrid']",2021-05-25,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-dominican-republic-announces-offers-to-purchase-existing-notes-301300445.html,The Dominican Republic Announces Offers To Purchase Existing Notes,"In the event of a termination of the Offer, the tendered Existing Notes will be returned to the tendering Holder.If the Purchase Price for all validly tendered Existing Notes (the "" Tendered Aggregate Purchase Price "") would exceed the Maximum Purchase Price, then the Republic will, in its sole discretion, select one or more series of Existing Notes to be prorated on the basis of the same or different proration factors.Holders whose Existing Notes are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will also receive Accrued Interest.It is not complete and may not contain all the information that you should consider before tendering Existing Notes.This announcement is not an offer to purchase for cash or a solicitation of invitations for offers to purchase for cash any Existing Notes.","SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic, May 26, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- The Dominican Republic (the "" Republic "") announced today the commencement of an offer to purchase for cash (the "" Offer "") from each holder or beneficial owner (each, a "" Holder "" and, collectively, the "" Holders "") of outstanding DOP-denominated, Dominican law-governed notes of each series listed in the table below (collectively, the "" Existing Local Notes "" and each a "" series "" of Existing Local Notes), including Existing Local Notes in the form of Global Depositary Notes (the "" Existing GDNs "" and, together with the Existing Local Notes, the "" Existing Notes "" and each, a "" series "" of Existing GDNs or Existing Notes, as applicable), issued by Citibank, N.A., as GDN depositary (the "" GDN Depositary ""), such that the total Purchase Price (as defined below) to be paid by the Republic for the outstanding principal amount of Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase by the Republic pursuant to the Offer, excluding interest accrued and unpaid thereon, does not exceed a maximum amount to be determined by the Republic in its sole discretion (the "" Maximum Purchase Price ""). The terms and conditions of the Offer are set forth in the offer document dated May 26, 2021 (the "" Offer Document "").The Offer is not conditioned upon any minimum participation of any series of Existing Notes but is conditioned, among other things, on the concurrent (or earlier) closing of an issuance by the Republic of a new series of DOP-denominated, Dominican law-governed notes (the "" New Local Notes ""), in an aggregate principal amount, with pricing and on terms and conditions acceptable to the Republic in its sole discretion (the "" New Notes Offering ""). The New Notes Offering will be made solely by means of an offering memorandum relating to the offering of the New Local Notes, and neither this announcement nor the Offer Document constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy such notes.The Republic reserves the right, in its sole discretion, not to accept any valid orders to tender Existing Notes in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer ("" Tenders ""), to modify the fixed price per original DOP1,000 or US$1,000 principal amount, as applicable, indicated in the rightmost column in the table below (the "" Purchase Price "") for any or all series of Existing Notes, or to terminate the Offer for any reason. In the event of a termination of the Offer, the tendered Existing Notes will be returned to the tendering Holder.The Purchase Price plus the accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the Settlement Date (the "" Accrued Interest "") for the applicable series of Existing GDNs will be payable in U.S. dollars by converting the applicable DOP amounts to U.S. dollars based on the Representative Market Rate at the Expiration Time.If the Purchase Price for all validly tendered Existing Notes (the "" Tendered Aggregate Purchase Price "") would exceed the Maximum Purchase Price, then the Republic will, in its sole discretion, select one or more series of Existing Notes to be prorated on the basis of the same or different proration factors.Title of Existing Notes Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount as of May 25, 2021 ISIN CUSIP Purchase Price(1) 16.950% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2022 DOP 12,000,000,000.00 DO1005241125 N/A DOP1,082.44 GDNs representing 16.950% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2022(2) 144A: US25714PBN78 Reg S: US25714PBP27 144A: 25714PBN7 Reg S: 25714PBP210.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2022 DOP13,500,000,000.00 DO1005204719 N/A DOP1,042.08 GDNs representing 10.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2022(2) 144A: US25714WAE30 Reg S: XS1203837528 144A: 25714WAE3 Reg S: N/A14.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2023 DOP9,648,000,000.00 DO1005250928 N/A DOP1,127.94 GDNs representing14.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2023(2) 144A: US25714PBW77 Reg S: XS0900687681 144A: 25714PBW7 Reg S: N/A10.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due April 2023 DOP31,871,300,000.00 DO1005205914 N/A DOP1,079.48 GDNs representing 10.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due April 2023(2) 144A: US25714WBB81 Reg S: XS1597325098 144A: 25714WBB8 Reg S: N/A10.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2024 DOP10,900,000,000.00 DO1005206623 N/A DOP1,088.64 GDNs representing 10.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2024(2) 144A: US25714WBF95 Reg S: XS1936097911 144A: 25714WBF9 Reg S: N/A11.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due May 2024 DOP20,614,000,000.00 DO1005204214 N/A DOP1,133.86 GDNs representing 11.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due May 2024(2) 144A: US25714PCM86 Reg S: XS1084826483 144A: 25714PCM8 Reg S: N/A10.875% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2026 DOP20,000,000,000.00 DO1005205112 N/A DOP1,169.87 GDNs representing 10.875% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2026(2) 144A: US25714PDK12 Reg S: XS1355504181 144A: 25714PDK1 Reg S: N/A10.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2026 DOP12,000,000,000.00 DO1005205013 N/A DOP1,132.45 GDNs representing 10.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2026(2) 144A: US25714WAF05 Reg S: XS1243876551 144A: 25714WAF0 Reg S: N/A11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due November 2026 DOP20,000,000,000.00 DO1005205310 N/A DOP1,182.63 GDNs representing 11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due November 2026(2) 144A: US25714WAG87 Reg S: XS1410454406 144A: 25714WAG8 Reg S: N/A11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due December 2026 DOP16,000,000,000.00 DO1005205419 N/A DOP1,176.84 GDNs representing 11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due December 2026(2) 144A: US25714WAL72 Reg S: XS1433115893 144A: 25714WAL7 Reg S: N/A11.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2027 DOP27,705,000,000.00 DO1005205617 N/A DOP1,184.23 GDNs representing 11.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2027(2) 144A: US25714PDR64 Reg S: XS1514991048 144A: 25714PDR6 Reg S: N/A(1) Per DOP1,000 principal amount of the Existing Local Notes and Existing GDNs, in each case, validly tendered and accepted for purchase. Holders whose Existing Notes are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will also receive Accrued Interest. Holders whose Existing Local Notes are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will be paid in Dominican pesos and Holders whose Existing GDNs are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will be paid in U.S. dollars as described in the Offer Document. (2) Issued by the GDN Depositary, and which, if accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer, will be payable in U.S. dollars as described herein. Each Existing GDN represents DOP100,000 nominal amount of the corresponding Existing Local Notes.Holders tendering Existing Local Notes through CEVALDOM, Deposito Centralizado de Valores, S.A. ("" CEVALDOM "") may obtain a priority allocation code (the "" Priority Allocation Code "") from CEVALDOM. Holders tendering Existing GDNs may obtain a Priority Allocation Code by contacting either of the Dealer Managers, and should include their Priority Allocation Code in their ATOP or Electronic Acceptance Instruction (in each case, as defined herein). Tendering Holders who wish to subscribe for New Local Notes (including in the form of new GDNs) should include their Priority Allocation Code when subscribing for New Local Notes. The Republic will review Tenders received on or prior to the Expiration Time and may give priority to those investors tendering with Priority Allocation Code in connection with the allocation of New Local Notes. However, no assurances can be given that any Holder that tenders Existing Notes will be given an allocation of New Local Notes at the levels it may subscribe for, or at all.If the Republic accepts all or a portion of a Holder's Tender, the Holder will be entitled to receive for such Existing Notes the applicable Purchase Price plus Accrued Interest, which will be paid on the Settlement Date, if the conditions of the Offer are met.The Offer will commence on Wednesday, May 26, 2021 and the Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on Monday, June 7, 2021 (the "" Expiration Time "") unless extended or earlier terminated by the Republic in its sole discretion. Existing Notes may be validly withdrawn at any time at or prior to the Expiration Time. The settlement of validly tendered and accepted Existing Notes is expected to occur on Friday, June 11, 2021, subject to change without notice (the "" Settlement Date "").At or about 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on Tuesday, June 8, 2021, subject to change without notice, the Republic expects to announce the aggregate principal amount of Tenders of each series of Existing Notes that has been received on or prior to the Expiration Time and the Representative Market Rate on the Expiration Time.In addition, at or about 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on Wednesday, June 9, 2021, subject to change without notice, the Republic expects to announce (i) the Maximum Purchase Price; (ii) the Tendered Aggregate Purchase Price, (iii) the aggregate principal amount of Tenders of each series of Existing Notes that has been accepted; and (iv) any proration of Tenders of any series of Existing Notes.Tenders for Existing Local Notes must be submitted through a direct participant in CEVALDOM. Holders of Existing GDNs must tender Existing GDNs by requesting that the direct participant through which the Holder holds its Existing GDNs submit, at or prior to the Expiration Time, such Holder's Tender by properly instructing The Depository Trust Company ("" DTC ""), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("" Euroclear ""), or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("" Clearstream ""), as applicable, in accordance with the procedures and deadlines established by each such clearing system. Any Holder that holds Existing Notes through a custodian cannot submit an Offer directly and should instead contact its custodian to instruct the direct participant to submit a Tender on its behalf. There is no letter of transmittal or guaranteed delivery for the Offer. The acceptance of any Tenders forwarded to DTC from Euroclear or Clearstream after the Expiration Time will be in the sole discretion of the Republic.You are advised to consult with the broker, dealer, bank, custodian, trust company, or other nominee through which you hold your Existing Notes as to the deadlines by which such intermediary would require receipt of instruction from you to participate in the Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer as described in the Offer Document in order to meet the deadlines set out in the Offer Document. The deadlines set by CEVALDOM, Euroclear, Clearstream, DTC or any such intermediary for the submission of Existing Notes may be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified in the Offer Document. In particular, CEVALDOM has indicated that the deadline for tendering through its system is 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on Monday, June 7, 2021.The Offer Document may be downloaded from website of Global Bondholder Services Corporation (the "" Tender and Information Agent "") at -usa.com/dominican/ or obtained from the Tender and Information Agent or from any of the Dealer Managers at the contact information below. Questions regarding the Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers at the below contact information.The Dealer Managers for the Offer are:Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 388 Greenwich Street, Floor 7 New York, New York 10013 United States of America Attn: Liability Management Group Collect: +1 (212) 723-6106 Toll-Free: +1 (800) 558-3745 In the Dominican Republic: +1-809-473-2428 Email: [email protected] J.P. Morgan Securities LLC383 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10179United States of AmericaAttn: Latin America Debt Capital MarketsCollect: +1 (212) 834-7279Toll-Free: +1 (866) 846-2874The Tender and Information Agent for the Existing GDNs is:Global Bondholder Services Corporation65 Broadway – Suite 404New York, New York 10006United States of AmericaAttn: Corporate ActionsBanks and Brokers call: +1 (212) 430-3774Toll free +1 (866) 470-3900Email: [email protected]Offer Website: -usa.com/dominican/By facsimile:(For Eligible Institutions only):+1 (212) 430-3775/3779Confirmation:+1 (212) 430-3774By Mail: By Overnight Courier: By Hand: 65 Broadway – Suite 404 New York, New York 10006 United States of America 65 Broadway – Suite 404 New York, New York 10006 United States of America 65 Broadway – Suite 404 New York, New York 10006 United States of AmericaImportant NoticeThis announcement is for informational purposes only. It is not complete and may not contain all the information that you should consider before tendering Existing Notes. You should read the entire Offer Document.This announcement is not an offer to purchase for cash or a solicitation of invitations for offers to purchase for cash any Existing Notes. The distribution of materials relating to the Offer and the transactions contemplated thereby may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Offer is being made only by the Offer Document and in those jurisdictions where it is legal to do so. The Offer is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the Offer come into your possession, you are required to inform yourself of and to observe all of these restrictions. Each person accepting the Offer shall be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed (in respect of itself and any person for whom it is acting) that it is not a person to whom it is unlawful to make the Offer pursuant to the Offer Document, it has not distributed or forwarded the Offer Document or any other documents or materials relating to the Offer to any such person, and that it has complied with all laws and regulations applicable to it for purposes of participating in the Offer. Neither the Republic nor the Dealer Managers accepts any responsibility for any violation by any person of the restrictions applicable in any jurisdiction.The materials relating to the Offer, including this announcement, do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. This announcement and the Offering Document do not constitute an offer to buy or a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction in which the Offer is required to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and in which any Dealer Manager or any of its affiliates is so licensed, it shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliates on behalf of the Republic.SOURCE The Dominican Republic","['announces', 'notes', 's', '144a', 'purchase', 'offers', 'reg', 'republic', 'offer', 'dopdenominated', 'dominican', 'gdns', 'existing']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-tobii-301300647.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of Tobii,"STOCKHOLM, May 27, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Tobii AB (publ) hereby summons to the extraordinary general meeting on Monday 21 June 2021.Tobii welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at this extraordinary general meeting through advance voting on the basis of temporary statutory rules, according to the procedure set out below.Such continued extraordinary general meeting shall take place if the extraordinary general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so request.The task of approving the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting.The last date for allotment of Stock Units pursuant to LTI 2021 shall be the day before the annual general meeting in Tobii 2022.","STOCKHOLM, May 27, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Tobii AB (publ) hereby summons to the extraordinary general meeting on Monday 21 June 2021.In order to mitigate the spread of Covid-19, the Board of Directors has decided that the extraordinary general meeting will be conducted by advance voting only, without physical presence of shareholders, proxies and third parties. Tobii welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at this extraordinary general meeting through advance voting on the basis of temporary statutory rules, according to the procedure set out below. Information on the resolutions passed at the extraordinary general meeting will be published on 21 June 2021, as soon as the result of the voting has been finally confirmed.In the advance voting form, the shareholders may request that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued extraordinary general meeting, which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such continued extraordinary general meeting shall take place if the extraordinary general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so request.Notification of participationShareholders who wish to participate in the extraordinary general meeting must (i) be included in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of 11 June 2021 and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the extraordinary general meeting no later than 18 June 2021 by casting their advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance voting below, so that the advance voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.To be entitled to participate in the extraordinary general meeting, in addition to providing notification of participation, a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the shareholders' register as at 11 June 2021. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed not later than the second banking day after 11 June 2021 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the extraordinary general meeting only by voting in advance, so-called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2020:198) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on Tobii's website, www.tobii.com. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed voting form must be received by Tobii no later than Friday 18 June 2021. The form may be submitted via e-mail to [email protected] or by post to Tobii AB, Box 743, SE-182 17 Danderyd, Sweden. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy, a power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity, a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so, the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid.Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.Right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen). A request for such information shall be made in writing to Tobii AB (publ), att. Extra bolagsstämma, Box 743, SE-182 17 Danderyd, Sweden or via email to [email protected], no later than on 11 June 2021. Information relating to such requests will be made available at Tobii AB (publ), Karlsrovägen 2D, SE-182 53 Danderyd, Sweden and on the company's website, www.tobii.com, no later than on 16 June 2021. The information will also be sent, within the same period of time, to shareholders who so request and state their address.Number of shares and votesThere are, as of the day of this notice, 99,369,972 shares and votes in the company. In addition, the Board of Directors' has resolved to issue not more than 900,000 C shares, corresponding to 90,000 votes, which, as of the day of this notice, have not yet been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).Proposed agendaElection of a chairman of the meeting. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Proposal for resolution regarding incentive program 2021.Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting (item 2)As persons to approve the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting together with the chairman, the Board of Directors proposes Staffan Ringvall (Handelsbanken Fonder), or, if he is prevented, the person instead appointed by the Board of Directors. The task of approving the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 3)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by the company, based on the extraordinary general meeting's shareholders' register and advance votes received, as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting.Proposal for resolution regarding incentive program 2021 (item 6)The Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to implement a new long-term incentive program for employees and consultants with similar terms and conditions as permanent employees within the Tobii group (""LTI 2021"") in accordance with the below. LTI 2021 is proposed to include not more than 140 persons within the Tobii group.Proposal for resolution to adopt LTI 2021The background and rationale for the proposalThe rationale for the LTI 2021 proposal is to create opportunities to increase retention and motivation among strategic key employees in the group, and to increase the group's ability to attract top talents to strategic positions. The program also rewards strategic key employees' continued loyalty and thus the long-term value growth of the company. The Board of Directors considers that LTI 2021 will have a positive effect on the future development of the Tobii group and will consequently be beneficial for both the company and its shareholders.Changes relative to the proposal initially intended for the annual general meetingTobii's Board of Directors initially intended to propose a long-term incentive program to the annual general meeting on May 18, 2021. This proposal was withdrawn, as the Board of Directors perceived that additional dialogue was required with some of the larger shareholders of Tobii. This updated proposal for long-term incentive program is largely the same structure, but now contains more detail descriptions of the background, conditions, and other aspects of the program and also a smaller increase in participants that have additional vesting conditions.The program in briefLTI 2021 is proposed to include senior executives (including the CEO) and selected other key employees and long-term consultants (with similar terms and conditions of employment), who have been identified as very important to the company and demonstrated excellent performance in the past year, meaning that there is a threshold and thorough performance evaluation before being let into the program. In total, LTI 2021 is proposed to include a maximum of 140 individuals within the Tobii group, corresponding to 10-15% of all employees.The participants will be given the opportunity to receive ordinary shares (""Performance Shares"") in accordance with the terms and conditions set out below.Tobii is active in a deep tech industry, in which many core competencies are in high demand by US-based technology companies. Almost half of Tobii's employees are based in the US. Therefore, in order to remain a competitive employer, Tobii believes it has to align incentive structures to US-based schemes which typically entails no personal investments. Within the scope of LTI 2021, the company will allot participants stock units, entailing the right to, subject to certain conditions being met, receive a Performance Share free of charge (""Stock Units"").AllotmentThe participants are divided into three categories: the CEOs of the Group and each Division, Other senior executives and Other participants. The number of Stock Units a participant may be allocated is subject to which category such participant belongs. The allocation within each category is illustrated in the table below.Category Maximum number of participants Maximum number of Stock Units per category Maximum number of Stock Units per participant Category 1: Group and Division CEOs 4 180,000 60,000 Category 2: Other senior executives 25 250,000 30,000 Category 3: Other participants 120 250,000 10,000In total, a maximum of 500,000 Stock Units may be allocated to the participants in LTI 2021. Thus, the above-described maximum number of Stock Units may not be allocated in all categories and the table above only describe the maximum outcome for each category but in total no more than a maximum of 500,000 Stock Units will be allocated under LTI 2021.The last date for allotment of Stock Units pursuant to LTI 2021 shall be the day before the annual general meeting in Tobii 2022.Vesting and conditionsThe vesting and conditions for grant and vesting for the different participant categories are described below.Participant category Vesting Date Personal performance criteria Vesting conditions Continued employment Share price Business performance 1 – Group and Division CEOs All Stock Units vest on 31 May 2025 (with certain exceptions where the time for vesting may be accelerated for so-called good leavers) Yes Yes Yes Yes2 - Other senior executives One third (1/3) of the allocated Stock Units shall be deemed vested on each of 31 May 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Hence, the average time from grant to vesting is 3 years. Yes Yes Yes Yes 3 – Other participantsPersonal performance criteria: Each participant in the program must satisfy personal performance criteria in order to obtain the initial grant of Stock Units. These criteria include that the person must (i) be deemed as very important to Tobii, and (ii) must have shown outstanding performance in the year prior to grant. Qualification according to the personal performance criteria is carefully vetted via a nomination process, under guidance of the compensation committee of the Board.Continued employment condition: All vesting of Stock Units shall be conditional that the participant is still employed at Tobii by the Vesting Date.Share price condition: All vesting of Stock Units for Sweden-based participants shall be conditional on that the volume-weighted share price during the 3 months prior to the Vesting Date exceeds SEK 58.36, which is the volume-weighted share price during the period from 1 January 2021 to 9 April 2021. In the event that the share price at a particular Vesting Date does not meet this criteria, those Stock Units will instead be eligible to vest at a later Vesting Date if the share price meets this the condition at such time.Business performance condition: Vesting of Stock Units for participants in categories 1 and 2 are subject to business-related performance conditions. For participants in these categories who are employed in Tobii Dynavox, the performance conditions shall be based on average growth of EBITDA less capitalized RnD of the Tobii Dynavox division. For participants not employed in Tobii Dynavox, the performance conditions shall be based on a combination of average growth of gross profit and delivering a positive EBITDA less capitalized RnD. The business performance conditions are based on a linear stepwise function. The Board of Directors is responsible for determining the detailed performance conditions, as well as the outcome according to these. Employees of category 3 are not covered by the business performance condition, in order to avoid complexity for this broader group of participants. These employees are typically key star performers deep in the organization with essential niche competencies, involved with innovation, product- and business development. Their competence and know-how are foundational for the long-term value creation of the company. Therefore, to optimize for long-term value creation, the key objective with the LTI program for category 3 is retention. This core objective has been assessed by the Compensation Committee to be diluted by the addition of too many other conditions.Reporting on performance conditionsThe detail performance conditions and the assessment of achievement relative to these will be reported in connection with the reporting of the outcome of LTI 2021, which is in accordance with the rules for public listed companies (Shareholders Rights Directive II).The Stock UnitsThe Stock Units shall, in addition to what is set out above, be governed by the following terms and conditions:The Stock Units are allotted free of charge no later than the day before the annual general meeting in Tobii 2022.The Stock Units may not be transferred or pledged.In order to align the interests of the participants and the shareholders', the company will also compensate the participants for dividends paid by recalculating the number of Performance Shares that each unvested Stock Unit entitle to after the Vesting Period.For some participation categories additional conditions apply in accordance with the above.Delivery of ordinary sharesParticipants whose Stock Units have vested in accordance with the vesting conditions above will receive Performance Shares within 90 days after each Vesting Date.Preparation of the proposal, design and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed design and administration of LTI 2021, subject to the stipulated terms and guidelines, including provisions on recalculation in the event of changes in Tobii's capital structure such as an in-between bonus issue, reverse share split, share split, rights issue and/or similar events. In connection therewith, the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet specific foreign regulations or market conditions. If significant changes in the Tobii group or in its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions for allocation and vesting of Stock Units pursuant to LTI 2021 no longer are appropriate, the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make other adjustment including, among other changes, that adjustments may be decided with respect to the terms and conditions for measuring the Performance Conditions applicable to some participation categories as stated above. Prior to the Board of Directors' determination of the vesting and settlement in accordance with the terms and conditions for the Stock Units, the Board of Directors shall assess if the outcome of LTI 2021 is reasonable. This assessment is made in relation to the company's financial result and position, the conditions on the stock market and in general. If the Board of Directors, in its assessment, deems that the outcome is unreasonable, the Board of Directors shall decrease the number of ordinary shares allocated.Receiving Performance Shares under LTI 2021 and hedging arrangementsThe Board of Directors has considered different methods for transfer of ordinary shares to participants who have been allocated Stock Units in order to implement LTI 2021 in a cost-effective and flexible manner. The Board of Directors has found the most cost-effective alternative to be, and thus proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves (a) to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on a directed share issue of not more than 600,000 class C shawres to the participating bank, of which not more than 100,000 class C shares may be issued to secure social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021 and (b) to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of all issued class C shares in accordance with the below.Following conversion of the class C shares to ordinary shares, the ordinary shares are intended to be both transferred to LTI 2021 participants as well as sold in the market in order to cover the cash-flow related to social contribution costs associated with LTI 2021. For this purpose, the Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves (c) to transfer not more than 500,000 ordinary shares free of charge to participants in accordance with LTI 2021 and that not more than 100,000 ordinary shares may be sold to cover social contribution costs arising as a result of LTI 2021.Costs and effects on key ratiosAssuming a share price of SEK 60 at the time of allocation and a maximum outcome for LTI 2021 and an average annual increase in the share price of 10 per cent, the cost, including estimated charges for social contributions, is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 32.8 million during the full four-year period. The cost corresponds to approximately 3.8 per cent of the payroll expense for the Tobii group 2020. The aggregated maximum cost for the company depends on the development in value of the Tobii share price. The Market Value of the Stock Units is calculated to be SEK 22 million. The market value has been determined by Optio Incentives and is calculated according to a so-called Monte Carlo-simulation.LTI 2021 will be reported in accordance with IFRS 2, which means that the Stock Units will be expensed as personnel costs and accrued over the Vesting Period.Given the above assumptions regarding scope and costs, and that LTI 2021 was introduced in 2019 instead, it is estimated that the key figure earnings per share for the financial year 2020 would have decreased from SEK -1.36 to approximately SEK -1.43.Dilution of existing shares and votesUpon maximum allotment of Performance Shares, up to 500,000 ordinary shares may be allocated to participants pursuant to LTI 2021, and 100,000 ordinary shares may be used to secure social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021, which would entail a maximum dilution effect of approximately 0.6 per cent of the existing number of shares in the company. If all outstanding incentive programs in the company are included in the calculation, the maximum dilution amounts 4.2 per cent.Information about Tobii's current incentive programs is available in the annual report for the financial year 2020, note 8, and on the company's website, www.tobii.com.Authorisation for the Board of Directors to issue new class C sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors, during the period until the annual general meeting 2022 on one or more occasions, to increase the company's share capital by not more than SEK 4,354.16 by the issue of not more than 600,000 class C shares, each with a quota value of SEK 0.0073. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights, the participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new class C shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the authorisation and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of shares to participants under the long-term incentive program, as well as to secure potential social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021.Authorisation for the Board of Directors to repurchase class C sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors, during the period until the annual general meeting 2022, on one or more occasions, to repurchase class C shares. The repurchase may only be effected through an offer directed to all holders of class C shares and shall comprise all outstanding class C shares. Repurchases shall be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the acquired class C shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the proposed repurchase authorisation is to ensure delivery of Performance Shares under LTI 2021 and to secure possible social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021.Decision to transfer own ordinary sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves that class C shares that the company acquires based on the authorisation to repurchase class C shares in accordance with the above, may, following the re-classification into ordinary shares, be transferred free of charge to participants of LTI 2021 in accordance with the adopted terms and conditions in order to secure possible social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021.The Board of Directors therefore proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves that not more than 500,000 ordinary shares may be transferred to participants in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2021 and that not more than 100,000 ordinary shares shall be transferred on Nasdaq Stockholm, including through a financial intermediary, at a price within the registered price range at the relevant time, to cover any social contributions in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2021. The number of shares to be transferred is subject to re-calculation in the event of an in-between bonus issue, reverse share split, share split, rights issue and/or similar measures.Preparation of the proposalIn accordance with guidelines provided by the Board of Directors, LTI 2021 has been prepared by the company's Compensation Committee, group management and external advisors and has been reviewed at the meeting of the Board of Directors held on 26 May 2021.Majority requirementA resolution to approve LTI 2021 is valid only where supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the shares voted and of the shares represented at the general meeting.Majority requirementA resolution in accordance with item 6 above requires approval of at least nine-tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting.OtherDocuments to be provided under the Swedish Companies Act will be held available at Tobii AB (publ), Reg. No. 556613-9654, with registered office in Danderyds kommun, address Karlsrovägen 2D, 182 53 Danderyd, Sweden, and on the company's website, www.tobii.com, and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and inform the company of their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed, please see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear's webpage www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Danderyd, May 2021Tobii AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsContactHenrik Mawby, Head of Investor Relations, Tobii Group, phone: +46 (0)72 219 82 15, email: [email protected]This information was brought to you by Cision ://news.cision.com/tobii-ab/r/notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-tobii,c3354795The following files are available for download: Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of Tobii - Press release - April 27, 2021SOURCE Tobii AB","['conditions', 'notice', '2021', 'meeting', 'board', 'lti', 'shares', 'extraordinary', 'general', 'directors', 'tobii', 'stock']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,PyNews API,https://www.reuters.com/article/us-unicredit-bonds-idUSKCN2D71RD,UPDATE 2-Euroclear reversing payments mistakenly made on UniCredit bonds,"UniCredit bank logo is seen in Siena, Italy June 29, 2017.REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini//File PhotoClearinghouse Euroclear said it had mistakenly credited the payment of coupons on some financial instruments Italy's UniCredit (CRDI.MI) had opted not to pay but was in the process of reversing them.In a statement, Euroclear, which settles and clears securities trades executed on European exchanges, said it had told clients on May 19 the payments would not take place.()Since the pandemic broke out bond investors have been concerned banks could decide not to pay coupons on some debt which provides the option to defer payments.The interest payments withheld by UniCredit so far amount to 30 million euros.","UniCredit bank logo is seen in Siena, Italy June 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini//File PhotoClearinghouse Euroclear said it had mistakenly credited the payment of coupons on some financial instruments Italy's UniCredit (CRDI.MI) had opted not to pay but was in the process of reversing them.Last week Italy's No. 2 bank decided to skip the payment of coupons on legacy instruments, known as CASHES or convertible and subordinated hybrid equity-linked securities, in a U-turn that unnerved the market and sent the bond in question into a tailspin.The decision, taken by new Chief Executive Andrea Orcel barely a month after his arrival, took bond investors by surprise after the lender's chief financial officer said in February the bank expected to pay a coupon.In a statement, Euroclear, which settles and clears securities trades executed on European exchanges, said it had told clients on May 19 the payments would not take place.""Due to an internal processing error, nevertheless provisional credits were made and became visible to clients. No payment has been made,"" it said, adding it was reversing the provisional credits.On Wednesday Bloomberg cited sources saying some bondholders had received notice of a coupon payment. Holders of the 2.98 billion euro ($3.6 billion) bonds received the notification on Tuesday, it said. ()Since the pandemic broke out bond investors have been concerned banks could decide not to pay coupons on some debt which provides the option to defer payments.The interest payments withheld by UniCredit so far amount to 30 million euros. They would total 120 million euros for the whole of 2021 if the decision were upheld in coming quarters, as has happened in the past when payments were skipped in the first quarter.On Tuesday a spokesman for the Italian bank said ""UniCredit confirms its decision not to pay the CASHES' coupon and has not given anyone mandate to do so.""On Wednesday it declined to further comment beyond its earlier statement.($1 = 0.8200 euros)Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.","['decision', 'unicredit', 'securities', 'coupons', 'euroclear', 'reversing', 'payments', 'bonds', 'bank', 'pay', 'bond', 'mistakenly', 'payment']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Bing API,http://www.proactiveinvestors.co.uk/LON:BUR/Burford-Capital-Limited/rns/981585,Burford Capital Ltd - Tender Offer for Burford Capital PLC's 2022 Bonds,The Offer is being made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the tender offer memorandum dated 27 May 2021 (the Tender Offer Memorandum) prepared by the Offeror and is subject to the offer restrictions set out below and as more fully described in the Tender Offer Memorandum (the Offer and Distribution Restrictions).Copies of the Tender Offer Memorandum are (subject to the Offer and Distribution Restrictions) available from the Tender Agent as set out below.Capitalized terms used in this announcement but not defined have the meanings given to them in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Tender Instructions will be irrevocable except in the limited circumstances described in the Tender Offer Memorandum.OFFER AND DISTRIBUTION RESTRICTIONSThe distribution of this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.,"THIS ANNOUNCEMENT RELATES TO THE DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIED OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (THE UK MARKET ABUSE REGULATION)NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO , THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS , GUAM , AMERICAN SAMOA , WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS ), ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA (THE UNITED STATES) OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON WHERE OR TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE, PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS DOCUMENT (SEE ""OFFER AND DISTRIBUTION RESTRICTIONS"" BELOW)27 May 2021Burford Capital Limited announces tender offer forBurford Capital PLC's £90,000,000 6.50 per cent. Guaranteed Bonds due 2022by Burford Capital Holdings (UK) LimitedBurford Capital Limited, the leading global finance and asset management firm focused on law, today announces that Burford Capital Holdings (UK) Limited (the Offeror), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary, has invited holders of Burford Capital PLC's (the Issuer) £90,000,000 6.50 per cent. Guaranteed Bonds due 2022 bearing ISIN: XS1088905093 (the Bonds) to tender their Bonds for purchase by the Offeror for cash (the Offer). Burford Capital PLC is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Burford Capital Holdings (UK) Limited and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Burford Capital Limited.The Offer is being made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the tender offer memorandum dated 27 May 2021 (the Tender Offer Memorandum) prepared by the Offeror and is subject to the offer restrictions set out below and as more fully described in the Tender Offer Memorandum (the Offer and Distribution Restrictions).Copies of the Tender Offer Memorandum are (subject to the Offer and Distribution Restrictions) available from the Tender Agent as set out below. Capitalized terms used in this announcement but not defined have the meanings given to them in the Tender Offer Memorandum.SummaryA summary of certain of the terms of the Offer appears below:Bonds ISIN/ Common Code Outstanding Principal Amount Purchase Price Minimum Purchase Price Maximum Purchase PriceTarget Acceptance Amount £90,000,000 6.50 per cent. Guaranteed Bonds due 2022 XS1088905093/ 108890509 £90,000,000 1 To be determined pursuant to a Modified Dutch Auction Procedure 102 per cent. 105 per cent.An aggregate principal amount to be determined by the Offeror in its sole and absolute discretion that is expected to be £40,000,000 , but subject always to the right of the Offeror in its sole and absolute discretion to accept more or less than such amount. 1 The Offeror purchased £3,843,000 of the Bonds in 2020, which are currently held in Treasury and have not yet been redeemed. £86,157,000 of the Bonds remain outstanding, as defined in the trust deed relating to the Bonds.Indicative Timetable for the OfferThis is an indicative timetable showing one possible outcome for the timing of the Offer based on the dates in the Tender Offer Memorandum. This timetable is subject to change and dates and times may be extended or amended by the Offeror in accordance with the terms of the Offer as described in the Tender Offer Memorandum. Accordingly, the actual timetable may differ significantly from the timetable below.Events Times and DatesCommencement of the Offer 27 May 2021 Expiration Deadline 4.00 p.m. BST on 22 June 2021 Announcement of Results As soon as reasonably practicable after the Expiration Deadline Settlement Date 28 June 2021The Offeror may, in its sole discretion, extend, re-open, amend, waive any condition of and/or terminate the Offer at any time (subject to applicable law and as provided in the Tender Offer Memorandum) and the above times and dates are subject to the right of the Offeror to so extend, re-open, amend, waive any condition of and/or terminate the Offer.Bondholders are advised to check with any bank, securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Bonds when such intermediary would need to receive Tender Instructions from a Bondholder in order for that Bondholder to be able to participate in, or (in the limited circumstances in which revocation is permitted) revoke their Tender Instruction to participate in, the Offer by the deadlines set out above. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and each Clearing System for the submission of Tender Instructions will be earlier than the relevant deadlines set out above and in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Rationale for the OfferThe purpose of the Offer is to utilise a portion of the Group's available cash balances to purchase Bonds prior to their maturity as part of the proactive management of the Group's debt capital structure. The Offer will also provide liquidity to those holders whose Bonds are accepted in the Offer.The Offeror intends to hold the Bonds that it purchases in Treasury and may in the future arrange for the Issuer to cancel the Bonds or the Offeror may re-sell such Bonds at its absolute discretion.Details of the OfferPurchase Price - Modified Dutch Auction ProcedureThe Offeror will pay for Bonds validly tendered and accepted by it for purchase pursuant to the Offer at a price to be determined pursuant to a modified Dutch auction procedure as described in the Tender Offer Memorandum (the Modified Dutch Auction Procedure). Under the Modified Dutch Auction Procedure, the Offeror will determine, in its sole discretion (but subject as set out below under ""Final Acceptance Amount, Priority of Acceptance and Scaling""), following expiration of the Offer, (A) the Final Acceptance Amount (as defined below) and (B) a single purchase price for the Bonds (the Purchase Price), expressed as a percentage of the principal amount of the Bonds, at which it will purchase Bonds validly tendered pursuant to the Offer, taking into account the aggregate principal amount of Bonds so tendered and the price at which such Bonds are tendered (or deemed to be tendered, as set out below).The Purchase Price applicable to the Bonds will not be less than 102 per cent. (the Minimum Purchase Price) and will otherwise be the lowest price that will allow the Offeror to accept for purchase an aggregate principal amount of Bonds equal to the Final Acceptance Amount. The Purchase Price applicable to the Bonds will not be greater than 105 per cent. (the Maximum Purchase Price). Tender Instructions specifying a purchase price in excess of the Maximum Purchase Price will not be accepted by the Offeror and will not be used for the purposes of calculating the Purchase Price. The Offeror will not accept for purchase any Bonds tendered at prices greater than the Purchase Price pursuant to the Offer.The Offeror will pay the same Purchase Price in relation to all Bonds that it accepts for purchase pursuant to the Offer. For the avoidance of doubt, this means that Bondholders that submit Tender Instructions specifying either (i) the Minimum Purchase Price or (ii) an amount that is greater than the Minimum Purchase Price but less than or equal to the Purchase Price (as determined by the Offeror), will all receive the same Purchase Price in relation to any Bonds that are accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer.Accrued InterestThe Offeror will, in addition to the Purchase Price also pay interest accrued and unpaid on the Bonds from (and including) the immediately preceding interest payment date for the Bonds to (but excluding) the Settlement Date, calculated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bonds (an Accrued Interest Payment) in respect of Bonds accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer.Final Acceptance Amount, Priority of Acceptance and ScalingFinal Acceptance AmountThe Offeror proposes that the aggregate principal amount of Bonds it will accept for purchase pursuant to the Offer will be an amount to be determined by the Offeror, in its sole and absolute discretion, which is expected to be £40,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Bonds (such amount, once determined, the Target Acceptance Amount), although the Offeror reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to accept less than or more than such amount pursuant to the Offer (the final aggregate principal amount of Bonds accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer being the Final Acceptance Amount).Priority of Acceptance and ScalingOnce the Offeror has determined the Final Acceptance Amount and the Purchase Price for the Bonds, the Offeror will accept Tender Instructions in the following order, subject to possible pro rata scaling as described below:(i) all validly submitted Tender Instructions that specify purchase prices lower than the Purchase Price will be accepted first; and (ii) all validly submitted Tender Instructions that specify purchase prices equal to the Purchase Price will be accepted second.If the Offeror accepts any Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer:(i) all Bonds subject to the Tender Instructions described in (i) above will be accepted in full by the Offeror; and (ii) to the extent that the aggregate of the Bonds subject to the Tender Instructions described in (i) and (ii) exceed the Final Acceptance Amount, the Bonds subject to the Tender Instructions described in (ii) above will be accepted by the Offeror on a pro rata basis by applying a scaling factor, such that the final aggregate principal amount of Bonds accepted for purchase (if any) is no greater than the Final Acceptance Amount.For the avoidance of doubt, Tender Instructions that specify the Minimum Purchase Price will always bepurchased in full at the Purchase Price, unless there are more Tender Instructions received for Bonds at the Minimum Purchase Price than the Final Acceptance Amount. Accordingly, by submitting a Tender Instruction at the Minimum Purchase Price, a Bondholder is automatically electing to receive the Purchase Price.Tender InstructionsIn order to participate in, and be eligible to receive the Purchase Price and Accrued Interest Payment pursuant to, the Offer, Bondholders must validly tender their Bonds by delivering, or arranging to have delivered on their behalf, a valid Tender Instruction that is received by the Tender Agent by 4.00 p.m. ( London time) on 22 June 2021 , unless extended, re-opened, amended and/or terminated as provided in the Tender Offer Memorandum (the Expiration Deadline).Tender Instructions will be irrevocable except in the limited circumstances described in the Tender Offer Memorandum.Tender Instructions must specify a purchase price that is equal to or greater than the Minimum Purchase Price. Purchase prices may only be specified at the Minimum Purchase Price or in increments of 0.25 per cent. above the Minimum Purchase Price (and, in the event that the relevant Bondholder specifies a purchase price that is not an increment of 0.25 per cent. above the Minimum Purchase Price, the purchase price so specified shall be rounded down to the nearest such increment of 0.25 per cent., and such Tender Instruction shall be deemed to have specified such rounded figure for the purposes of the Modified Dutch Auction Procedure).Tender Instructions may not be submitted which specify a purchase price in excess of the Maximum Purchase Price.Tender Instructions must be submitted in respect of a minimum principal amount of Bonds of no less than £100 , being the minimum denomination of the Bonds, and may be submitted in integral multiples of £100 thereafter. A separate Tender Instruction must be completed on behalf of each beneficial owner. See ""Procedures for Participating in the Offer"" in the Tender Offer Memorandum for further information.AnnouncementsUnless stated otherwise, announcements in connection with the Offer will be made (i) by publication via the Regulatory News Service operated by the London Stock Exchange plc and (ii) by the delivery of notices to the Clearing Systems and Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CREST Co Limited) for communication to Direct Participants. Such announcements may also be found on the relevant Reuters Insider Screen and by the issue of a press release to a Notifying News Service. Copies of all such announcements, press releases and notices can also be obtained upon request from the Tender Agent, the contact details for which are below. Significant delays may be experienced where notices are delivered to the Clearing Systems and Bondholders are urged to contact the Tender Agent for the relevant announcements during the course of the Offer. In addition, Bondholders may contact the Dealer Managers for information using the contact details below.Bondholders are advised to read carefully the Tender Offer Memorandum for full details of and information on the procedures for participating in the Offer.Joint Dealer Managers City & Continental Ltd trading as Allia C&C Henrietta Podd +44 20 3039 3450 Peel Hunt LLP Stuart Galvin + 44 20 7418 8900Tender AgentLucid Issuer Services Limited Owen Morris +44 20 7704 0880Harry Ringroseburfordlucid-is.comQuestions and requests for assistance in connection with (i) the Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers and (ii) the delivery of Tender Instructions may be directed to the Tender Agent, the contact details for each of which are set out above.This announcement is released by Burford Capital Limited on behalf of the Offeror and contains information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, encompassing information relating to the Offer described above. For the purposes of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, this announcement is made by the Directors of Burford Capital Holdings (UK) Limited, namely Craig Arnott , Christopher Bogart , Ross D. Clark , Harry Matovu and Hugh Steven Wilson .LEI Number: 213800P7VN8SK65HQN02DISCLAIMER This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Tender Offer Memorandum. This announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. If any Bondholder is in any doubt as to the action it should take, it is recommended to seek its own financial and legal advice, including in respect of any tax consequences, from its broker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other independent financial, tax or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose Bonds are held on its behalf by a broker, dealer, bank, custodian, trust company or other nominee must contact such entity if it wishes to tender such Bonds pursuant to the Offer. None of the Offeror, the Dealer Managers or the Tender Agent makes any recommendation whether Bondholders should tender Bonds pursuant to the Offer.OFFER AND DISTRIBUTION RESTRICTIONSThe distribution of this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum comes are required by each of the Offeror, the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealer Managers and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions.United StatesThe Offer is not being made, and will not be made, directly or indirectly in or into, or by use of the mails of, or by any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce of or of any facilities of a national securities exchange of, the United States . This includes, but is not limited to, facsimile transmission, electronic mail, telex, telephone, the internet and other forms of electronic communication. The Bonds may not be tendered in the Offer by any such use, means, instrumentality or facility from or within the United States or by persons located or resident in the United States . Accordingly, copies of this announcement, the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly mailed or otherwise transmitted, distributed or forwarded (including, without limitation, by custodians, nominees or trustees) in or into the United States or to any persons located or resident in the United States . Any purported tender of Bonds in the Offer resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid and any purported tender of Bonds made by, or by any person acting for the account or benefit of, a person located in the United States or any agent, fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States will be invalid and will not be accepted.Neither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum is an offer of securities for sale in the United States or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under, or an exemption from the registration requirements of, the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.Each Bondholder participating in the Offer will represent that it is not located in the United States and is not participating in the Offer from the United States , or it is acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal located outside the United States that is not giving an order to participate in the Offer from the United States . For the purposes of this and the above paragraphs, United States means the United States of America , its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico , the U.S. Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands ), any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia .ItalyNone of the Offer, this announcement, the Tender Offer Memorandum or any other document or materials relating to the Offer have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedures of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian laws and regulations. The Offer is being carried out in the Republic of Italy ( Italy ) as an exempted offer pursuant to article 101-bis, paragraph 3-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 , as amended (the Financial Services Act) and article 35-bis, paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 , as amended. Bondholders or beneficial owners of the Bonds that are located in Italy can tender their Bonds for purchase in the Offer through authorised persons (such as investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 , as amended from time to time, and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 , as amended) and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or with requirements imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the Bonds or the Offer.United KingdomThe communication of this announcement, the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer is not being made, and such documents and/or materials have not been approved, by an authorised person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly, such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom . The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to (i) those persons in the United Kingdom (a) falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the Financial Promotion Order)) or (b) who are within Article 43(2) of the Financial Promotion Order, or (ii) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order.FranceThe Offer is only being made, directly or indirectly, to qualified investors in the Republic of France ( France ). This announcement, the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other document or material relating to the Offer have only been and shall only be distributed in France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Tender Offer Memorandum has not been and will not be submitted for clearance to nor approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.GeneralNeither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an offer to buy or the solicitation of an offer to sell Bonds (and tenders of Bonds in the Offer will not be accepted from Bondholders) in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. In those jurisdictions where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Managers or their respective affiliates are such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction, the Offer shall be deemed to be made by such Dealer Manager or such affiliate, as the case may be, on behalf of the Offeror in such jurisdiction.","['tender', 'instructions', 'capital', 'memorandum', 'purchase', 'price', 'bonds', 'plcs', 'offer', 'burford', 'offeror', 'states', '2022', 'united']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Bing API,https://www.arvopaperi.fi/porssitiedotteet/notice-of-biohit-oyjs-annual-general-meeting/ece1d31b-6c5e-4afa-adcf-553d9ecd0024,Notice of Biohit Oyj's annual general meeting,"Biohit Oyj Stock Exchange Release May 28, 2021 at 02:00 pm local time (EEST) Biohit Oyj shareholders are invited to attend the company's Annual General Meeting to be held on Wedne","Biohit Oyj Stock Exchange Release May 28, 2021 at 02:00 pm local time (EEST) Biohit Oyj shareholders are invited to attend the company's Annual General Meeting to be held on Wedne","['notice', 'meeting', 'biohit', 'oyjs', 'general', 'annual']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Bing API,https://www.bloombergquint.com/business/unicredit-defies-coupon-furor-with-popular-2-billion-debt-sale,UniCredit Defies Coupon Furor With Popular $2 Billion Debt Sale,"Banks’ senior preferred bondholders are ranked much higher in the capital structure than investors in subordinated notes, which are first to be wiped out if a lender runs into serious trouble.The terms of the senior bonds are also much simpler than those of the CASHES, short for Convertible and Subordinated Hybrid Equity-Linked Securities, issued in 2009 to strengthen UniCredit’s capital in the wake of the financial crisis.","Banks’ senior preferred bondholders are ranked much higher in the capital structure than investors in subordinated notes, which are first to be wiped out if a lender runs into serious trouble. The terms of the senior bonds are also much simpler than those of the CASHES, short for Convertible and Subordinated Hybrid Equity-Linked Securities, issued in 2009 to strengthen UniCredit’s capital in the wake of the financial crisis.","['senior', 'billion', 'wiped', 'capital', 'popular', 'unicredit', 'subordinated', 'strengthen', 'structure', 'terms', 'unicredits', 'furor', 'bond', 'wake', 'defies', 'trouble', 'coupon']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-tobii-1030470307,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of Tobii,"STOCKHOLM, May 27, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Tobii AB (publ) hereby summons to the extraordinary general meeting on Monday 21 June 2021.Tobii welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at this extraordinary general meeting through advance voting on the basis of temporary statutory rules, according to the procedure set out below.Such continued extraordinary general meeting shall take place if the extraordinary general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so request.The task of approving the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting.The last date for allotment of Stock Units pursuant to LTI 2021 shall be the day before the annual general meeting in Tobii 2022.","STOCKHOLM, May 27, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Tobii AB (publ) hereby summons to the extraordinary general meeting on Monday 21 June 2021.In order to mitigate the spread of Covid-19, the Board of Directors has decided that the extraordinary general meeting will be conducted by advance voting only, without physical presence of shareholders, proxies and third parties. Tobii welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at this extraordinary general meeting through advance voting on the basis of temporary statutory rules, according to the procedure set out below. Information on the resolutions passed at the extraordinary general meeting will be published on 21 June 2021, as soon as the result of the voting has been finally confirmed.In the advance voting form, the shareholders may request that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued extraordinary general meeting, which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such continued extraordinary general meeting shall take place if the extraordinary general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so request.Notification of participationShareholders who wish to participate in the extraordinary general meeting must (i) be included in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of 11 June 2021 and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the extraordinary general meeting no later than 18 June 2021 by casting their advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance voting below, so that the advance voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.To be entitled to participate in the extraordinary general meeting, in addition to providing notification of participation, a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the shareholders' register as at 11 June 2021. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed not later than the second banking day after 11 June 2021 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the extraordinary general meeting only by voting in advance, so-called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2020:198) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on Tobii's website, www.tobii.com. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed voting form must be received by Tobii no later than Friday 18 June 2021. The form may be submitted via e-mail to generalmeetingtobii.com or by post to Tobii AB, Box 743, SE-182 17 Danderyd, Sweden. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy, a power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity, a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so, the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid.Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.Right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen). A request for such information shall be made in writing to Tobii AB (publ), att. Extra bolagsstämma, Box 743, SE-182 17 Danderyd, Sweden or via email to generalmeetingtobii.com, no later than on 11 June 2021. Information relating to such requests will be made available at Tobii AB (publ), Karlsrovägen 2D, SE-182 53 Danderyd, Sweden and on the company's website, www.tobii.com, no later than on 16 June 2021. The information will also be sent, within the same period of time, to shareholders who so request and state their address.Number of shares and votesThere are, as of the day of this notice, 99,369,972 shares and votes in the company. In addition, the Board of Directors' has resolved to issue not more than 900,000 C shares, corresponding to 90,000 votes, which, as of the day of this notice, have not yet been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).Proposed agendaElection of a chairman of the meeting.Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting.Preparation and approval of the voting list.Approval of the agenda.Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened.Proposal for resolution regarding incentive program 2021.Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting (item 2)As persons to approve the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting together with the chairman, the Board of Directors proposes Staffan Ringvall (Handelsbanken Fonder), or, if he is prevented, the person instead appointed by the Board of Directors. The task of approving the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 3)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by the company, based on the extraordinary general meeting's shareholders' register and advance votes received, as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting.Proposal for resolution regarding incentive program 2021 (item 6)The Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to implement a new long-term incentive program for employees and consultants with similar terms and conditions as permanent employees within the Tobii group (""LTI 2021"") in accordance with the below. LTI 2021 is proposed to include not more than 140 persons within the Tobii group.Proposal for resolution to adopt LTI 2021The background and rationale for the proposalThe rationale for the LTI 2021 proposal is to create opportunities to increase retention and motivation among strategic key employees in the group, and to increase the group's ability to attract top talents to strategic positions. The program also rewards strategic key employees' continued loyalty and thus the long-term value growth of the company. The Board of Directors considers that LTI 2021 will have a positive effect on the future development of the Tobii group and will consequently be beneficial for both the company and its shareholders.Changes relative to the proposal initially intended for the annual general meetingTobii's Board of Directors initially intended to propose a long-term incentive program to the annual general meeting on May 18, 2021. This proposal was withdrawn, as the Board of Directors perceived that additional dialogue was required with some of the larger shareholders of Tobii. This updated proposal for long-term incentive program is largely the same structure, but now contains more detail descriptions of the background, conditions, and other aspects of the program and also a smaller increase in participants that have additional vesting conditions.The program in briefLTI 2021 is proposed to include senior executives (including the CEO) and selected other key employees and long-term consultants (with similar terms and conditions of employment), who have been identified as very important to the company and demonstrated excellent performance in the past year, meaning that there is a threshold and thorough performance evaluation before being let into the program. In total, LTI 2021 is proposed to include a maximum of 140 individuals within the Tobii group, corresponding to 10-15% of all employees.The participants will be given the opportunity to receive ordinary shares (""Performance Shares"") in accordance with the terms and conditions set out below.Tobii is active in a deep tech industry, in which many core competencies are in high demand by US-based technology companies. Almost half of Tobii's employees are based in the US. Therefore, in order to remain a competitive employer, Tobii believes it has to align incentive structures to US-based schemes which typically entails no personal investments. Within the scope of LTI 2021, the company will allot participants stock units, entailing the right to, subject to certain conditions being met, receive a Performance Share free of charge (""Stock Units"").AllotmentThe participants are divided into three categories: the CEOs of the Group and each Division,Other senior executives and Other participants. The number of Stock Units a participant may be allocated is subject to which category such participant belongs. The allocation within each category is illustrated in the table below.Category Maximum number of participants Maximum number of Stock Units per category Maximum number of Stock Units per participant Category 1: Group and Division CEOs 4 180,000 60,000 Category 2: Other senior executives 25 250,000 30,000 Category 3: Other participants 120 250,000 10,000In total, a maximum of 500,000 Stock Units may be allocated to the participants in LTI 2021. Thus, the above-described maximum number of Stock Units may not be allocated in all categories and the table above only describe the maximum outcome for each category but in total no more than a maximum of 500,000 Stock Units will be allocated under LTI 2021.The last date for allotment of Stock Units pursuant to LTI 2021 shall be the day before the annual general meeting in Tobii 2022.Vesting and conditionsThe vesting and conditions for grant and vesting for the different participant categories are described below.Participant category Vesting Date Personal performance criteria Vesting conditions Continued employment Share price Business performance 1 – Group and Division CEOs All Stock Units vest on 31 May 2025 (with certain exceptions where the time for vesting may be accelerated for so-called good leavers) Yes Yes Yes Yes2 - Other senior executives One third (1/3) of the allocated Stock Units shall be deemed vested on each of 31 May 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Hence, the average time from grant to vesting is 3 years. Yes Yes Yes Yes 3 – Other participantsPersonal performance criteria: Each participant in the program must satisfy personal performance criteria in order to obtain the initial grant of Stock Units. These criteria include that the person must (i) be deemed as very important to Tobii, and (ii) must have shown outstanding performance in the year prior to grant. Qualification according to the personal performance criteria is carefully vetted via a nomination process, under guidance of the compensation committee of the Board.Continued employment condition: All vesting of Stock Units shall be conditional that the participant is still employed at Tobii by the Vesting Date.Share price condition: All vesting of Stock Units for Sweden-based participants shall be conditional on that the volume-weighted share price during the 3 months prior to the Vesting Date exceeds SEK 58.36, which is the volume-weighted share price during the period from 1 January 2021 to 9 April 2021. In the event that the share price at a particular Vesting Date does not meet this criteria, those Stock Units will instead be eligible to vest at a later Vesting Date if the share price meets this the condition at such time.Business performance condition: Vesting of Stock Units for participants in categories 1 and 2 are subject to business-related performance conditions. For participants in these categories who are employed in Tobii Dynavox, the performance conditions shall be based on average growth of EBITDA less capitalized RnD of the Tobii Dynavox division. For participants not employed in Tobii Dynavox, the performance conditions shall be based on a combination of average growth of gross profit and delivering a positive EBITDA less capitalized RnD. The business performance conditions are based on a linear stepwise function. The Board of Directors is responsible for determining the detailed performance conditions, as well as the outcome according to these. Employees of category 3 are not covered by the business performance condition, in order to avoid complexity for this broader group of participants. These employees are typically key star performers deep in the organization with essential niche competencies, involved with innovation, product- and business development. Their competence and know-how are foundational for the long-term value creation of the company. Therefore, to optimize for long-term value creation, the key objective with the LTI program for category 3 is retention. This core objective has been assessed by the Compensation Committee to be diluted by the addition of too many other conditions.Reporting on performance conditionsThe detail performance conditions and the assessment of achievement relative to these will be reported in connection with the reporting of the outcome of LTI 2021, which is in accordance with the rules for public listed companies (Shareholders Rights Directive II).The Stock UnitsThe Stock Units shall, in addition to what is set out above, be governed by the following terms and conditions:The Stock Units are allotted free of charge no later than the day before the annual general meeting in Tobii 2022.The Stock Units may not be transferred or pledged.In order to align the interests of the participants and the shareholders', the company will also compensate the participants for dividends paid by recalculating the number of Performance Shares that each unvested Stock Unit entitle to after the Vesting Period.For some participation categories additional conditions apply in accordance with the above.Delivery of ordinary sharesParticipants whose Stock Units have vested in accordance with the vesting conditions above will receive Performance Shares within 90 days after each Vesting Date.Preparation of the proposal, design and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed design and administration of LTI 2021, subject to the stipulated terms and guidelines, including provisions on recalculation in the event of changes in Tobii's capital structure such as an in-between bonus issue, reverse share split, share split, rights issue and/or similar events. In connection therewith, the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet specific foreign regulations or market conditions. If significant changes in the Tobii group or in its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions for allocation and vesting of Stock Units pursuant to LTI 2021 no longer are appropriate, the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make other adjustment including, among other changes, that adjustments may be decided with respect to the terms and conditions for measuring the Performance Conditions applicable to some participation categories as stated above. Prior to the Board of Directors' determination of the vesting and settlement in accordance with the terms and conditions for the Stock Units, the Board of Directors shall assess if the outcome of LTI 2021 is reasonable. This assessment is made in relation to the company's financial result and position, the conditions on the stock market and in general. If the Board of Directors, in its assessment, deems that the outcome is unreasonable, the Board of Directors shall decrease the number of ordinary shares allocated.Receiving Performance Shares under LTI 2021 and hedging arrangementsThe Board of Directors has considered different methods for transfer of ordinary shares to participants who have been allocated Stock Units in order to implement LTI 2021 in a cost-effective and flexible manner. The Board of Directors has found the most cost-effective alternative to be, and thus proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves (a) to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on a directed share issue of not more than 600,000 class C shawres to the participating bank, of which not more than 100,000 class C shares may be issued to secure social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021 and (b) to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of all issued class C shares in accordance with the below.Following conversion of the class C shares to ordinary shares, the ordinary shares are intended to be both transferred to LTI 2021 participants as well as sold in the market in order to cover the cash-flow related to social contribution costs associated with LTI 2021. For this purpose, the Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves (c) to transfer not more than 500,000 ordinary shares free of charge to participants in accordance with LTI 2021 and that not more than 100,000 ordinary shares may be sold to cover social contribution costs arising as a result of LTI 2021.Costs and effects on key ratiosAssuming a share price of SEK 60 at the time of allocation and a maximum outcome for LTI 2021 and an average annual increase in the share price of 10 per cent, the cost, including estimated charges for social contributions, is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 32.8 million during the full four-year period. The cost corresponds to approximately 3.8 per cent of the payroll expense for the Tobii group 2020. The aggregated maximum cost for the company depends on the development in value of the Tobii share price. The Market Value of the Stock Units is calculated to be SEK 22 million. The market value has been determined by Optio Incentives and is calculated according to a so-called Monte Carlo-simulation.LTI 2021 will be reported in accordance with IFRS 2, which means that the Stock Units will be expensed as personnel costs and accrued over the Vesting Period.Given the above assumptions regarding scope and costs, and that LTI 2021 was introduced in 2019 instead, it is estimated that the key figure earnings per share for the financial year 2020 would have decreased from SEK -1.36 to approximately SEK -1.43.Dilution of existing shares and votesUpon maximum allotment of Performance Shares, up to 500,000 ordinary shares may be allocated to participants pursuant to LTI 2021, and 100,000 ordinary shares may be used to secure social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021, which would entail a maximum dilution effect of approximately 0.6 per cent of the existing number of shares in the company. If all outstanding incentive programs in the company are included in the calculation, the maximum dilution amounts 4.2 per cent.Information about Tobii's current incentive programs is available in the annual report for the financial year 2020, note 8, and on the company's website, www.tobii.com.Authorisation for the Board of Directors to issue new class C sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors, during the period until the annual general meeting 2022 on one or more occasions, to increase the company's share capital by not more than SEK 4,354.16 by the issue of not more than 600,000 class C shares, each with a quota value of SEK 0.0073. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights, the participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new class C shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the authorisation and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of shares to participants under the long-term incentive program, as well as to secure potential social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021.Authorisation for the Board of Directors to repurchase class C sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors, during the period until the annual general meeting 2022, on one or more occasions, to repurchase class C shares. The repurchase may only be effected through an offer directed to all holders of class C shares and shall comprise all outstanding class C shares. Repurchases shall be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the acquired class C shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the proposed repurchase authorisation is to ensure delivery of Performance Shares under LTI 2021 and to secure possible social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021.Decision to transfer own ordinary sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves that class C shares that the company acquires based on the authorisation to repurchase class C shares in accordance with the above, may, following the re-classification into ordinary shares, be transferred free of charge to participants of LTI 2021 in accordance with the adopted terms and conditions in order to secure possible social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2021.The Board of Directors therefore proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves that not more than 500,000 ordinary shares may be transferred to participants in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2021 and that not more than 100,000 ordinary shares shall be transferred on Nasdaq Stockholm, including through a financial intermediary, at a price within the registered price range at the relevant time, to cover any social contributions in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2021. The number of shares to be transferred is subject to re-calculation in the event of an in-between bonus issue, reverse share split, share split, rights issue and/or similar measures.Preparation of the proposalIn accordance with guidelines provided by the Board of Directors, LTI 2021 has been prepared by the company's Compensation Committee, group management and external advisors and has been reviewed at the meeting of the Board of Directors held on 26 May 2021.Majority requirementA resolution to approve LTI 2021 is valid only where supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the shares voted and of the shares represented at the general meeting.Majority requirementA resolution in accordance with item 6 above requires approval of at least nine-tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting.OtherDocuments to be provided under the Swedish Companies Act will be held available at Tobii AB (publ), Reg. No. 556613-9654, with registered office in Danderyds kommun, address Karlsrovägen 2D, 182 53 Danderyd, Sweden, and on the company's website, www.tobii.com, and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and inform the company of their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed, please see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear's webpage www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Danderyd, May 2021Tobii AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsContactHenrik Mawby, Head of Investor Relations, Tobii Group, phone: +46 (0)72 219 82 15, email: henrik.mawbytobii.comThis information was brought to you by Cision ://news.cision.com/tobii-ab/r/notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-tobii,c3354795The following files are available for download:","['conditions', 'performance', 'notice', '2021', 'meeting', 'board', 'lti', 'shares', 'extraordinary', 'general', 'directors', 'tobii', 'stock']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/unicredit-defies-coupon-furor-popular-083005718.html,UniCredit Defies Coupon Furor With Popular $2 Billion Bond,"Globe NewswireReport Scope Biosimilar drugs have gained immense popularity because of their impact on the lives of many patients.The industry structure, focusing on the important biosimilar drug manufacturers/suppliers and their market shares and product offerings, is analyzed.This report also discusses the current market situation by elaborating upon the market drivers, restraints, challenges and opportunities.Particularly, in the U.S., the first approval came only in 2015, and the market has since grown to include more than 30 biosimilar drugs.It was however noted that the adoption of biosimilar drugs has been variable with respect to different drug classes.","Globe NewswireReport Scope Biosimilar drugs have gained immense popularity because of their impact on the lives of many patients. These drugs belong to several drug classes including hormones, interferons, growth factors (colony stimulating factors, erythropoietin) and monoclonal antibodies, among others.New York, May 31, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report ""Biosimilars: Global Markets"" - ?utm_source=GNW The use of these drugs has aided in the affordable treatment of many life-threatening diseases ranging from cancer and diabetes to chronic inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis and others.The high cost of branded biologics has made biosimilars a lucrative alternative for affordable treatment.According to a report on biosimilars (BIO090C), the global market for biosimilars is expected to reach close to $20.8 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 30.5%. Other drivers for this market include rising aging populations, patent expirations of many blockbuster drugs, and better healthcare provisions.This updated report provides in-depth analysis of the market for biosimilars in a global context, including market forecasts and sales through 2025.This study surveys the market for biosimilars in all the geographic regions including North America, Europe, the developed rest of the world (RoW), and emerging markets.The emerging markets include countries like India, China, Taiwan, Africa and Latin America.The report provides an analysis of the market for biosimilars in various segments, for instance, by type, by region and by application/disease category. The report will include a detailed overview about the subject wherein the classification of biosimilar drugs along with their approval mechanisms, clinical trials and applications under review are elaborated upon.The report also provides relevant patent analysis in both the U.S. and the European Union and comprehensive profiles of companies that lead the biosimilar drugs industry. The industry structure, focusing on the important biosimilar drug manufacturers/suppliers and their market shares and product offerings, is analyzed. This report also discusses the current market situation by elaborating upon the market drivers, restraints, challenges and opportunities. Separate chapters discuss the regulatory aspects and clinical trials. The latest news pieces including new products, new indications, mergers and acquisitions in the market are also dealt with in sufficient detail.Excluded from this report are biobetters, generics of small molecule drugs and the biogenerics pertaining to vaccines and blood products. The different requirements for approval and bioequivalence between generics and biosimilars put them in an entirely different regime.Report Includes- 69 data tables and 73 additional tables- An updated review and industry insights of the global biosimilars market- Analyses of the global market trends, with data from 2018 to 2020, and projections of compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) through 2025- Highlights of the emerging market regulations, clinical trials, and new products launches; and their impact on the stakeholders in this market- Discussion of the biosimilars industry structure, opportunities and complexities, regulatory updates and penetration of biosimilar product classes in various regions worldwide- Estimation of current market size and potential growth forecast for biosimilars market, and corresponding market share analysis by product type, application/disease category and geographic region- A detailed review of patents issued for biosimilars by different assignee categories- Impact analysis of COVID-19 pandemic on the growth of biosimilars market as compared to overall pharmaceuticals industry with respect to clinical trials/approvals- Company profiles of the major market players, including Amgen Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim, Cipla Ltd., Dr Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Lupin Ltd., Pfizer Inc. and Zydus CadilaSummaryBiosimilars or follow-on biologics have attracted many biopharmaceutical companies and new entitiesto enter this market.The huge economic potential boosted by billions of dollars of market revenues of branded biologics has lured these developers.Further, the massive cost savings from the use of biosimilar drugs in the treatment of cancer and other chronic diseases have also motivated the healthcare systems, payers and regulatory agencies to approve and adopt these drugs.In the last five years, the market for biosimilars has changed in many ways. Particularly, in the U.S., the first approval came only in 2015, and the market has since grown to include more than 30 biosimilar drugs. Inclusion of insulin and other drugs in the biological pathway has paved the way for new biosimilar entries in this market. A rise in competition due to multiple products has also worked in the industry’s favor, allowing price reduction at launches (close to 57% for Amgen’s Avsola, infliximab biosimilar), making the drugs available to much-needed populations. The developed markets have also seen increased adoption of biosimilars driven by growth in physician and payer education, inclusion ofbiosimilars in preferred drug lists, and increases in coverage, in general. It was however noted that the adoption of biosimilar drugs has been variable with respect to different drug classes. Filgrastim biosimilars have witnessed extraordinary growth with a market share reaching almost REDACTED, compared to infliximab biosimilars that have captured only REDACTED market share in the U.S. until 2020. A number of factors are responsible for this disparity, including the type of diseases covered by the drug, branded drug manufacturer tactics, patent scenario and stakeholder awareness, among others.As the market for biosimilar drugs matures, there is a shift in the drug pipelines of most of the biosimilar developers. While some biosimilar drugs from the second wave of biosimilars, such as adalimumab and etanercept, are awaiting approval in the U.S. due to patent litigations and settlements with the originator drug manufacturers, many new drugs considered as third-wave biosimilars (patent expirations on or after 2020) are now in Phase III clinical studies. Some popular drugs in this category are Prolia, Stelara, Eylea and Lucentis.A continuing trend in the global biosimilars space has been collaborations and partnerships with local and multi-national companies.Leading developers have inked strategic commercialization and marketing arrangements with domestic companies to enable market approvals and commercialization in those territories.Technical capabilities, manufacturing expertise, regulatory knowledge and vast experience in generics markets are some of the drivers of these partnerships.Read the full report: ?utm_source=GNWAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________ CONTACT: Clare: clarereportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001","['billion', 'drugs', 'popular', 'unicredit', 'global', 'drug', 'biosimilars', 'biosimilar', 'market', 'growth', 'furor', 'bond', 'report', 'industry', 'defies', 'including', 'coupon']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,Euroclear reversing payments mistakenly made on UniCredit bonds,,Euroclear reversing payments mistakenly made on UniCredit bonds,,2021-05-31,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,squeeze_sugar CEOAdam louvswallstreet It won’t make any difference it’s the clearing house used in the Uk that’s…,,squeeze_sugar CEOAdam louvswallstreet It won’t make any difference it’s the clearing house used in the Uk that’s…,,2021-05-30,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,louvswallstreet Crest aka Euroclear issue (in 🇬🇧) a CDI and then hold the underlying asset. Surely if AMC have the…,,louvswallstreet Crest aka Euroclear issue (in 🇬🇧) a CDI and then hold the underlying asset. Surely if AMC have the…,,2021-05-30,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,Crest aka Euroclear need to be giving those numbers up! AMC,,Crest aka Euroclear need to be giving those numbers up! AMC,,2021-05-30,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,Crest clearing aka Euroclear look them up. That’s who holds the voting rights and underlying asset. The answer to…,,Crest clearing aka Euroclear look them up. That’s who holds the voting rights and underlying asset. The answer to…,,2021-05-30,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,"Imagine going into the future and reading "" $Dusk in partnership with Euroclear, complete 1st pilot program"" Which…",,"Imagine going into the future and reading "" $Dusk in partnership with Euroclear, complete 1st pilot program"" Which…",,2021-05-30,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,MULTI STEP PROGRAM FREE EUROCLEAR DELIVERY :$100M-$5B ASSET TYPE: Medium Term Note MTN DURATION: 12 Months by Euro…,,MULTI STEP PROGRAM FREE EUROCLEAR DELIVERY :$100M-$5B ASSET TYPE: Medium Term Note MTN DURATION: 12 Months by Euro…,,2021-05-30,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,Danwildo cvpayne I've emailed euroclear to. EUI Complaints eui-complaintseuroclear.com. please make your voices…,,Danwildo cvpayne I've emailed euroclear to. EUI Complaints eui-complaintseuroclear.com. please make your voices…,,2021-05-30,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,Euroclear. And that we need you GME to contact HL to allow proxy voting. There are thousands of us needing help he…,,Euroclear. And that we need you GME to contact HL to allow proxy voting. There are thousands of us needing help he…,,2021-05-30,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,HLInvest everyone interested in getting your votes counter from HL please can you send an email to investorrelatio…,,HLInvest everyone interested in getting your votes counter from HL please can you send an email to investorrelatio…,,2021-05-30,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,Oi HLInvest in the CREST documentation 'Streamlined real-time settlement - Euroclear UK &amp; Ireland's CREST system'…,,Oi HLInvest in the CREST documentation 'Streamlined real-time settlement - Euroclear UK &amp; Ireland's CREST system'…,,2021-05-29,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,Euroclear Sweden Hires Jörgen Olofsson as New Chief Information Officer Olofsson held some senior positions at the…,,Euroclear Sweden Hires Jörgen Olofsson as New Chief Information Officer Olofsson held some senior positions at the…,,2021-05-28,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,.EuroclearGroup creates confusion over unpaid UniCredit_IT coupon. By TylerWDavies. UniCredit,,.EuroclearGroup creates confusion over unpaid UniCredit_IT coupon. By TylerWDavies. UniCredit,,2021-05-28,Euroclear
Euroclear,0,Twitter,Twitter,As an intermediary Euroclear InvestorInsight provides you with a tailored ShareholderIdentification service that…,,As an intermediary Euroclear InvestorInsight provides you with a tailored ShareholderIdentification service that…,,2021-05-28,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.globalcustodian.com/clearstream-and-cloudmargin-launch-automated-collateral-solution-ahead-of-next-umr-phase/,Clearstream and CloudMargin launch automated collateral solution ahead of next UMR phase,Clearstream and CloudMargin launch automated collateral solution ahead of next UMR phase. The solution will target certain banks and buy-side firms that will be ...,The solution will target certain banks and buy-side firms that will be required to establish tri-party collateral management arrangements for the first time.,"['target', 'ahead', 'buyside', 'triparty', 'phase', 'required', 'management', 'firms', 'certain', 'cloudmargin', 'umr', 'automated', 'clearstream', 'collateral', 'establish', 'solution', 'launch']",2021-05-25,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.globalcustodian.com/fireside-friday-with-clearstreams-jens-hachmeister/,Fireside Friday with… Clearstream's Jens Hachmeister ...,"Jens Hachmeister, head of issuer services and new digital markets at Clearstream, outlines the group's plans to be a core market infrastructure for digital securities ...","Jens Hachmeister, head of issuer services and new digital markets at Clearstream, outlines the group's plans to be a core market infrastructure for digital securities.","['fireside', 'outlines', 'clearstreams', 'securities', 'infrastructure', 'hachmeister', 'services', 'market', 'digital', 'issuer', 'plans', 'jens', 'markets']",2021-05-29,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEDIA-AND-GAMES-INVEST-PL-59968161/news/PRESS-RELEASE-nbsp-Media-and-Games-Invest-plc-Notice-and-Agenda-of-an-Annual-General-Meeting-33348986/,PRESS RELEASE : Media and Games Invest plc: Notice and Agenda of an Annual General Meeting,"DGAP-News: Media and Games Invest plc / Key word(s): AGM/EGM Media and Games Invest plc: Notice and Agenda of an Annual General Meeting 2021-05-25 / 17:50 The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.in person attendance by the proxy) and vote on the shareholder's behalf by completing the ""Shareholder Details"" AND ""Section 2 - Proxy Form"" sections of Attendance / Proxy Form (available on the Company's website at: -meeting/.Shareholders appointing a proxy must clearly indicate whether the proxy is to vote as she/he wishes or in accordance with the voting instructions sheet attached to the Attendance / Proxy Form.Accordingly, any Shareholder who wishes to attend and/or vote at the Meeting must follow the instructions set out above.- Shareholders must follow the Attendance / Proxy Form submission instructions and the deadline set out above.","DGAP-News: Media and Games Invest plc / Key word(s): AGM/EGM Media and Games Invest plc: Notice and Agenda of an Annual General Meeting 2021-05-25 / 17:50 The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- MEDIA AND GAMES INVEST SE (SE 15) 168, St Christopher Street, Valletta VLT1467, Malta Notice and Agenda of an Annual General Meeting NOTICE is hereby given to all members of Media and Games Invest SE (the ""Company"" or ""MGI"") in terms of Article 30 of the Company's Articles of Association that an ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of the Company shall be held on 8 July 2021 at 10:00 (CEST) at 168, St Christopher Street, Valletta, VLT 1467, Malta (the ""Meeting"") General Instructions and Record Date - As the Company's shares (""Shares"") are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Premier in Sweden and the Scale segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in Germany, which markets are affiliated with different central securities depositories (""CSDs""), namely Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") and Clearstream Banking AG (""Clearstream"") respectively, shareholders are required to follow different procedures to participate at the Meeting (whether in person or by proxy). Shareholders whose Shares are held through Euroclear are required to follow instructions marked in RED, while shareholders whose Shares are held through Clearstream or through any other CSD are required to follow the instructions marked in BLUE. Instructions not marked in any colour apply to all Shareholders, irrespective of the CSD through which the relevant Shares are held. Shareholders who hold Shares through multiple CSDs will need to follow the relevant instructions in respect of the relevant CSD through which each particular block of Shares is held. Shareholders who are unsure as to the procedures to be followed should seek the advice of their custodian/s or nominee/ s. - To be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting (in person or by proxy) and for the Company to be able to determine the number of votes that may be cast, a shareholder must be entered in the Company's register of members maintained by Euroclear, or must otherwise be indicated as a holder of Shares in the register or records maintained by Clearstream (or any other relevant CSD), as applicable, as at 8 June 2021 (the ""Record Date""). - Shareholders whose Shares are registered in the name of a custodian or nominee may be required by their respective custodian/s or nominee/s to temporarily re-register their Shares in their own name in the relevant register of members in order to be entitled to attend and vote (in person or by proxy) at the Meeting. Any such re-registration would need to be effected by the Record Date. Shareholders should therefore liaise with and instruct their custodian/s or nominee/ s well in advance. Instructions for Attendance (In-Person or by Proxy) and Voting - To attend and vote at the Meeting in person, shareholders are required to complete the ""Shareholder Details"" AND "" Section 1 - Attendance Form"" sections of Attendance / Proxy Form, which form is available on the Company's website at: -meeting/ - A shareholder is also entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend the Meeting (i.e. in person attendance by the proxy) and vote on the shareholder's behalf by completing the ""Shareholder Details"" AND ""Section 2 - Proxy Form"" sections of Attendance / Proxy Form (available on the Company's website at: -meeting/. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. Where the shareholder is an individual, the form must be signed by her/ him. Where the shareholder is a corporation, the form must be signed by a duly authorised officer of the corporation and a certified copy of a certificate of registration (or similar document evidencing the signatory right of the officer signing the form) must be submitted together with the signed form. Shareholders appointing a proxy must clearly indicate whether the proxy is to vote as she/he wishes or in accordance with the voting instructions sheet attached to the Attendance / Proxy Form. - Shareholders whose Shares are held through Euroclear must submit their signed Attendance / Proxy Form (and, if applicable certified copies of certificates of registration or similar), by no later than the Record Date, to Euroclear by mail to: Media and Games Invest SE, c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingServiceeuroclear.com. - Shareholders whose Shares are held through Clearstream (or any other CSD) should consult their custodian or nominee about the process they must follow in order to submit their signed Attendance / Proxy Form (and, if applicable certified copies of certificates of registration or similar) and should, in any case, ensure that their Attendance / Proxy Form is submitted to the relevant CSD by no later than the Record Date for processing and onward transmission to the Malta Stock Exchange (as 'issuer CSD'). - DUE TO COVID-19 TRAVEL AND OTHER RESTRICTIONS THAT ARE LIKELY TO BE IN PLACE AT THE TIME OF THE MEETING, SHAREHOLDERS OR THEIR PROXIES MAY BE UNABLE TO TRAVEL AND ATTEND THE MEETING IN PERSON AND/OR THE COMPANY MAY BE REQUIRED TO REFUSE THEM ENTRY IF THE NUMBER OF PERSONS AT THE MEETING EXCEEDS THE NUMBER PERMITTED BY THE MALTESE HEALTH AUTHORITIES. ACCORDINGLY, SHAREHOLDERS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED NOT TO ATTEND THE MEETING IN PERSON BUT TO, INSTEAD, VOTE ON ALL PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS IN ADVANCE BY APPOINTING THE CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING AS THEIR PROXY AND COMPLETING THE VOTING INSTRUCTIONS SHEET ATTACHED TO THE ATTENDANCE / PROXY FORM. - The Company will be broadcasting the Meeting on its website at: -meeting/. It is important to note that Shareholders who choose to follow the Meeting on the Company's website will not be deemed to be present at the Meeting and, accordingly, will NOT be able to vote and/or speak at the Meeting and will not be counted towards the quorum. Accordingly, any Shareholder who wishes to attend and/or vote at the Meeting must follow the instructions set out above. - Shareholders must follow the Attendance / Proxy Form submission instructions and the deadline set out above. Note for CSDs only: Aggregated proxy data processed by Euroclear, Clearstream or any other CSD must be sent by the relevant CSD and received by the Malta Stock Exchange (as 'issuer CSD') by no later than 7 July 2021. The Company must receive aggregated proxy data processed by the Malta Stock Exchange by e-mail at AGMregistrationmgi-se.com before the time appointed for the Meeting and any proxy data which is not received in time shall not be treated as valid. Right to Ask Questions Each shareholder shall have the right to ask questions which are pertinent and related to items on the agenda of the Meeting to the Company by e-mail to questionsmgi-se.com by no later than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for the Meeting. Any questions sent to the Company must be accompanied by adequate proof that the sender is indeed a shareholder of the Company. The Company shall provide an answer to such questions (1) at the Meeting, unless the Company is unable to provide an immediate reply at short notice or answering such question would interfere unduly with the preparation for the meeting OR, if the questions are not answered at the Meeting, (2) on its website within forty-eight (48) hours from the Meeting. The Company may choose to provide an overall answer to questions having the same content. This right to ask questions shall be subject to any reasonable measures (to be determined by the Company in its sole discretion) that the Company may take to ensure the identification of the relevant shareholder/s who have submitted questions to the Company. Personal Data All information submitted by shareholders in connection with attendance notifications and proxies and asking questions will be computerised and used exclusively for the Meeting. For those Shareholders whose Shares are held through Euroclear, more information on how your personal data is processed can be found in Euroclear's privacy notice at: www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Agenda General 1. Opening of the Meeting 2. Appointment of the Chairman for the meeting 3. Drawing up and approval of voting list 4. Determination of quorum and whether the Meeting has been duly convened 5. Approval of the agenda 6. Presentation of Annual Report and the Auditor's report for the group 7. Response to Questions from Shareholders (if any) Ordinary resolutions 8. Consider the Auditor's Report and approve the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 9. Declare a dividend of zero, based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors 10. Confirm and re-appoint RSM Malta as Auditor of the company, and to authorise the Board of Directors to fix their remuneration 11. Other matters Other The Company has 149,679,980 Ordinary A Shares in issue as of the date of this notice (one vote per share). The Auditor's Report and the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 are available from the Company's website (-relations/financial-reports/). * * * 25 May 2021 MEDIA AND GAMES INVEST SE The Board of Directors Responsible Parties The information in this press release has been made public through the agency of the responsible person set out below for publication at the time stated by MGI's news distributor EQS Newswire at the publication of this press release. The responsible person below may be contacted for further information. For further information, please contact: Sören Barz Head of Investor Relations +49 170 376 9571 soeren.barzmgi-se.com, infomgi-se.com www.mgi.group Jenny Rosberg, ROPA, IR contact Stockholm +46707472741 Jenny.rosbergropa.se(MORE TO FOLLOW) Dow Jones NewswiresMay 25, 2021 11:50 ET (15:50 GMT)","['form', 'instructions', 'press', 'questions', 'company', 'attendance', 'proxy', 'media', 'games', 'shares', 'general', 'annual', 'release', 'shareholder', 'shareholders', 'plc', 'notice', 'meeting', 'invest']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.globalcustodian.com/citi-to-provide-back-office-services-to-fubon-fund-managements-first-hong-kong-etps/,Citi to provide back-office services to Fubon Fund Management’s first Hong Kong ETPs,"Clearstream's Jens Hachmeister. Jens Hachmeister, head of issuer services and new digital markets at Clearstream, outlines the group's plans to be core market ...",Citi’s custody and fund services team has been successful to win a number of key mandates from regional asset managers.,"['citi', 'fund', 'etps', 'successful', 'regional', 'key', 'services', 'kong', 'provide', 'hong', 'backoffice', 'team', 'number', 'managements', 'mandates', 'fubon', 'win', 'managers']",2021-05-29,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/21/05/n21310942/the-dominican-republic-announces-offers-to-purchase-existing-notes,The Dominican Republic Announces Offers To Purchase Existing Notes,"In the event of a termination of the Offer, the tendered Existing Notes will be returned to the tendering Holder.If the Purchase Price for all validly tendered Existing Notes (the "" Tendered Aggregate Purchase Price "") would exceed the Maximum Purchase Price, then the Republic will, in its sole discretion, select one or more series of Existing Notes to be prorated on the basis of the same or different proration factors.Holders whose Existing Notes are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will also receive Accrued Interest.It is not complete and may not contain all the information that you should consider before tendering Existing Notes.This announcement is not an offer to purchase for cash or a solicitation of invitations for offers to purchase for cash any Existing Notes.","SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic, May 26, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- The Dominican Republic (the "" Republic "") announced today the commencement of an offer to purchase for cash (the "" Offer "") from each holder or beneficial owner (each, a "" Holder "" and, collectively, the "" Holders "") of outstanding DOP-denominated, Dominican law-governed notes of each series listed in the table below (collectively, the "" Existing Local Notes "" and each a "" series "" of Existing Local Notes), including Existing Local Notes in the form of Global Depositary Notes (the "" Existing GDNs "" and, together with the Existing Local Notes, the "" Existing Notes "" and each, a "" series "" of Existing GDNs or Existing Notes, as applicable), issued by Citibank, N.A., as GDN depositary (the "" GDN Depositary ""), such that the total Purchase Price (as defined below) to be paid by the Republic for the outstanding principal amount of Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase by the Republic pursuant to the Offer, excluding interest accrued and unpaid thereon, does not exceed a maximum amount to be determined by the Republic in its sole discretion (the "" Maximum Purchase Price ""). The terms and conditions of the Offer are set forth in the offer document dated May 26, 2021 (the "" Offer Document "").The Offer is not conditioned upon any minimum participation of any series of Existing Notes but is conditioned, among other things, on the concurrent (or earlier) closing of an issuance by the Republic of a new series of DOP-denominated, Dominican law-governed notes (the "" New Local Notes ""), in an aggregate principal amount, with pricing and on terms and conditions acceptable to the Republic in its sole discretion (the "" New Notes Offering ""). The New Notes Offering will be made solely by means of an offering memorandum relating to the offering of the New Local Notes, and neither this announcement nor the Offer Document constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy such notes.The Republic reserves the right, in its sole discretion, not to accept any valid orders to tender Existing Notes in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer ("" Tenders ""), to modify the fixed price per original DOP1,000 or US$1,000 principal amount, as applicable, indicated in the rightmost column in the table below (the "" Purchase Price "") for any or all series of Existing Notes, or to terminate the Offer for any reason. In the event of a termination of the Offer, the tendered Existing Notes will be returned to the tendering Holder.The Purchase Price plus the accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the Settlement Date (the "" Accrued Interest "") for the applicable series of Existing GDNs will be payable in U.S. dollars by converting the applicable DOP amounts to U.S. dollars based on the Representative Market Rate at the Expiration Time.If the Purchase Price for all validly tendered Existing Notes (the "" Tendered Aggregate Purchase Price "") would exceed the Maximum Purchase Price, then the Republic will, in its sole discretion, select one or more series of Existing Notes to be prorated on the basis of the same or different proration factors.Title of Existing Notes Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount as of May 25, 2021 ISIN CUSIP Purchase Price(1) 16.950% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2022 DOP 12,000,000,000.00 DO1005241125 N/A DOP1,082.44 GDNs representing 16.950% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2022(2) 144A: US25714PBN78 Reg S: US25714PBP27 144A: 25714PBN7 Reg S: 25714PBP210.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2022 DOP13,500,000,000.00 DO1005204719 N/A DOP1,042.08 GDNs representing 10.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2022(2) 144A: US25714WAE30 Reg S: XS1203837528 144A: 25714WAE3 Reg S: N/A14.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2023 DOP9,648,000,000.00 DO1005250928 N/A DOP1,127.94 GDNs representing14.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2023(2) 144A: US25714PBW77 Reg S: XS0900687681 144A: 25714PBW7 Reg S: N/A10.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due April 2023 DOP31,871,300,000.00 DO1005205914 N/A DOP1,079.48 GDNs representing 10.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due April 2023(2) 144A: US25714WBB81 Reg S: XS1597325098 144A: 25714WBB8 Reg S: N/A10.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2024 DOP10,900,000,000.00 DO1005206623 N/A DOP1,088.64 GDNs representing 10.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2024(2) 144A: US25714WBF95 Reg S: XS1936097911 144A: 25714WBF9 Reg S: N/A11.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due May 2024 DOP20,614,000,000.00 DO1005204214 N/A DOP1,133.86 GDNs representing 11.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due May 2024(2) 144A: US25714PCM86 Reg S: XS1084826483 144A: 25714PCM8 Reg S: N/A10.875% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2026 DOP20,000,000,000.00 DO1005205112 N/A DOP1,169.87 GDNs representing 10.875% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2026(2) 144A: US25714PDK12 Reg S: XS1355504181 144A: 25714PDK1 Reg S: N/A10.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2026 DOP12,000,000,000.00 DO1005205013 N/A DOP1,132.45 GDNs representing 10.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2026(2) 144A: US25714WAF05 Reg S: XS1243876551 144A: 25714WAF0 Reg S: N/A11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due November 2026 DOP20,000,000,000.00 DO1005205310 N/A DOP1,182.63 GDNs representing 11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due November 2026(2) 144A: US25714WAG87 Reg S: XS1410454406 144A: 25714WAG8 Reg S: N/A11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due December 2026 DOP16,000,000,000.00 DO1005205419 N/A DOP1,176.84 GDNs representing 11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due December 2026(2) 144A: US25714WAL72 Reg S: XS1433115893 144A: 25714WAL7 Reg S: N/A11.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2027 DOP27,705,000,000.00 DO1005205617 N/A DOP1,184.23 GDNs representing 11.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2027(2) 144A: US25714PDR64 Reg S: XS1514991048 144A: 25714PDR6 Reg S: N/A(1) Per DOP1,000 principal amount of the Existing Local Notes and Existing GDNs, in each case, validly tendered and accepted for purchase. Holders whose Existing Notes are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will also receive Accrued Interest. Holders whose Existing Local Notes are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will be paid in Dominican pesos and Holders whose Existing GDNs are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will be paid in U.S. dollars as described in the Offer Document. (2) Issued by the GDN Depositary, and which, if accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer, will be payable in U.S. dollars as described herein. Each Existing GDN represents DOP100,000 nominal amount of the corresponding Existing Local Notes.Holders tendering Existing Local Notes through CEVALDOM, Deposito Centralizado de Valores, S.A. ("" CEVALDOM "") may obtain a priority allocation code (the "" Priority Allocation Code "") from CEVALDOM. Holders tendering Existing GDNs may obtain a Priority Allocation Code by contacting either of the Dealer Managers, and should include their Priority Allocation Code in their ATOP or Electronic Acceptance Instruction (in each case, as defined herein). Tendering Holders who wish to subscribe for New Local Notes (including in the form of new GDNs) should include their Priority Allocation Code when subscribing for New Local Notes. The Republic will review Tenders received on or prior to the Expiration Time and may give priority to those investors tendering with Priority Allocation Code in connection with the allocation of New Local Notes. However, no assurances can be given that any Holder that tenders Existing Notes will be given an allocation of New Local Notes at the levels it may subscribe for, or at all.If the Republic accepts all or a portion of a Holder's Tender, the Holder will be entitled to receive for such Existing Notes the applicable Purchase Price plus Accrued Interest, which will be paid on the Settlement Date, if the conditions of the Offer are met.The Offer will commence on Wednesday, May 26, 2021 and the Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on Monday, June 7, 2021 (the "" Expiration Time "") unless extended or earlier terminated by the Republic in its sole discretion. Existing Notes may be validly withdrawn at any time at or prior to the Expiration Time. The settlement of validly tendered and accepted Existing Notes is expected to occur on Friday, June 11, 2021, subject to change without notice (the "" Settlement Date "").At or about 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on Tuesday, June 8, 2021, subject to change without notice, the Republic expects to announce the aggregate principal amount of Tenders of each series of Existing Notes that has been received on or prior to the Expiration Time and the Representative Market Rate on the Expiration Time.In addition, at or about 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on Wednesday, June 9, 2021, subject to change without notice, the Republic expects to announce (i) the Maximum Purchase Price; (ii) the Tendered Aggregate Purchase Price, (iii) the aggregate principal amount of Tenders of each series of Existing Notes that has been accepted; and (iv) any proration of Tenders of any series of Existing Notes.Tenders for Existing Local Notes must be submitted through a direct participant in CEVALDOM. Holders of Existing GDNs must tender Existing GDNs by requesting that the direct participant through which the Holder holds its Existing GDNs submit, at or prior to the Expiration Time, such Holder's Tender by properly instructing The Depository Trust Company ("" DTC ""), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("" Euroclear ""), or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("" Clearstream ""), as applicable, in accordance with the procedures and deadlines established by each such clearing system. Any Holder that holds Existing Notes through a custodian cannot submit an Offer directly and should instead contact its custodian to instruct the direct participant to submit a Tender on its behalf. There is no letter of transmittal or guaranteed delivery for the Offer. The acceptance of any Tenders forwarded to DTC from Euroclear or Clearstream after the Expiration Time will be in the sole discretion of the Republic.You are advised to consult with the broker, dealer, bank, custodian, trust company, or other nominee through which you hold your Existing Notes as to the deadlines by which such intermediary would require receipt of instruction from you to participate in the Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer as described in the Offer Document in order to meet the deadlines set out in the Offer Document. The deadlines set by CEVALDOM, Euroclear, Clearstream, DTC or any such intermediary for the submission of Existing Notes may be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified in the Offer Document. In particular, CEVALDOM has indicated that the deadline for tendering through its system is 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on Monday, June 7, 2021.The Offer Document may be downloaded from website of Global Bondholder Services Corporation (the "" Tender and Information Agent "") at -usa.com/dominican/ or obtained from the Tender and Information Agent or from any of the Dealer Managers at the contact information below. Questions regarding the Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers at the below contact information.The Dealer Managers for the Offer are:Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 388 Greenwich Street, Floor 7 New York, New York 10013 United States of America Attn: Liability Management Group Collect: +1 (212) 723-6106 Toll-Free: +1 (800) 558-3745 In the Dominican Republic: +1-809-473-2428 Email: ny.liabilitymanagementciti.com J.P. Morgan Securities LLC383 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10179United States of AmericaAttn: Latin America Debt Capital MarketsCollect: +1 (212) 834-7279Toll-Free: +1 (866) 846-2874The Tender and Information Agent for the Existing GDNs is:Global Bondholder Services Corporation65 Broadway – Suite 404New York, New York 10006United States of AmericaAttn: Corporate ActionsBanks and Brokers call: +1 (212) 430-3774Toll free +1 (866) 470-3900Email: contactgbsc-usa.comOffer Website: -usa.com/dominican/By facsimile:(For Eligible Institutions only):+1 (212) 430-3775/3779Confirmation:+1 (212) 430-3774By Mail: By Overnight Courier: By Hand: 65 Broadway – Suite 404 New York, New York 10006 United States of America 65 Broadway – Suite 404 New York, New York 10006 United States of America 65 Broadway – Suite 404 New York, New York 10006 United States of AmericaImportant NoticeThis announcement is for informational purposes only. It is not complete and may not contain all the information that you should consider before tendering Existing Notes. You should read the entire Offer Document.This announcement is not an offer to purchase for cash or a solicitation of invitations for offers to purchase for cash any Existing Notes. The distribution of materials relating to the Offer and the transactions contemplated thereby may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Offer is being made only by the Offer Document and in those jurisdictions where it is legal to do so. The Offer is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the Offer come into your possession, you are required to inform yourself of and to observe all of these restrictions. Each person accepting the Offer shall be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed (in respect of itself and any person for whom it is acting) that it is not a person to whom it is unlawful to make the Offer pursuant to the Offer Document, it has not distributed or forwarded the Offer Document or any other documents or materials relating to the Offer to any such person, and that it has complied with all laws and regulations applicable to it for purposes of participating in the Offer. Neither the Republic nor the Dealer Managers accepts any responsibility for any violation by any person of the restrictions applicable in any jurisdiction.The materials relating to the Offer, including this announcement, do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. This announcement and the Offering Document do not constitute an offer to buy or a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction in which the Offer is required to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and in which any Dealer Manager or any of its affiliates is so licensed, it shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliates on behalf of the Republic.View original content:-releases/the-dominican-republic-announces-offers-to-purchase-existing-notes-301300445.htmlSOURCE The Dominican Republic","['announces', 'notes', 's', '144a', 'purchase', 'offers', 'reg', 'republic', 'offer', 'dopdenominated', 'dominican', 'gdns', 'existing']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/Globe+Newswire/112021%E3%83%BBTrifork+announces+the+result+of+its+Initial+Public+Offering/18482339.html,11/2021・Trifork announces the result of its Initial Public Offering,"Trifork announces the result of its Initial Public OfferingWith reference to company announcement no.Provided that the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the Offering will comprise of 8,171,762 shares in total.The total value of the Offering amounts to approximately DKK 1.066 billion, and approximately DKK 1.226 billion if the over-allotment option is exercised in full.The free float will be between 59% and 65% of the Company’s share capital, depending on the potential exercise of the over-allotment option.No costs, interest or other payments shall be made by the Group as a result of the share lending agreement or the Over-allotment Option, if exercised.","Company announcement no. 11 / 2021Schindellegi, Switzerland - 27 May 2021NOT FOR PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR CANADA, AUSTRALIA, JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFULThis announcement does not constitute an offering memorandum or a prospectus as defined by Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017. The offer to acquire securities pursuant to any offering is made, and any investor should make his investment decision, solely on the basis of information that is contained in a prospectus made generally available in Denmark in connection with the offering. Copies of the prospectus may be obtained by persons in Denmark through the website of the Company as set forth elsewhere in this announcement.Trifork announces the result of its Initial Public OfferingWith reference to company announcement no. 9/2021 dated 17 May 2021 as published by Trifork Holding AG (Swiss company registration number CHE-474.101.854) (“Trifork” or the ""Company"") in connection with the initial public offering (the “Offering”) and admission to trading and official listing of the Trifork's shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen, Trifork today announces the result of the Offering.Julie Galbo, Chairperson of Trifork, said:“I am very pleased to welcome all the new shareholders of Trifork, both private and institutional investors. We are overwhelmed and humbled by the huge interest in the IPO of Trifork, which means that we cannot fully allocate all orders. The successful IPO of Trifork is an acknowledgement of Trifork’s unique business model, ambitions to drive digitization processes internationally and to continue the solid and profitable growth track record. I want to thank the management team and all the dedicated people at Trifork for their contributions, in particular during the IPO process.”Jørn Larsen, Founder and CEO of Trifork, said:“We are grateful and very encouraged by the positive and inspiring feedback we have received from investors in the past weeks. We will work hard to deliver on the expectations of all our new shareholders. The IPO is a good platform to continue our growth journey and to continue to make innovative software solutions that make life better and easier for everyone.”Highlights of the OfferingAn offer price of DKK 150 per share of nominal value of CHF 0.10 each.The Offering attracted substantial interest from both Danish retail and Danish and international institutional investors.6,165,647 existing shares sold on behalf of the Selling Shareholders (as defined below) and 940,233 new shares sold on behalf of the Company. The existing shares are being offered by GRO Holding I ApS, Kresten Krab Holding ApS, Jørn Larsen and certain other shareholders in the Company (jointly referred to as the ""Selling Shareholders"").An over-allotment option to acquire up to 1,065,882 additional shares has been granted to the Joint Global Coordinators by the Selling Shareholders, exercisable, in whole or in part, until 26 June 2021. The over-allotment option corresponds to 15% of the Offer Shares. Provided that the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the Offering will comprise of 8,171,762 shares in total.The total value of the Offering amounts to approximately DKK 1.066 billion, and approximately DKK 1.226 billion if the over-allotment option is exercised in full. The Offering corresponds to a total market value of all issued shares of the Company of approximately DKK 2.962 billion.Following completion and settlement of the Offering, Jørn Larsen, Kresten Krab Holding ApS and GRO Holding I ApS will hold respectively 19.49%, 8.12% and 2.81% of the share capital and voting rights of the Company, assuming no exercise of the over-allotment option, and 19.30%, 6.63% and 0.00%, respectively, assuming full exercise of the over-allotment option.223,083 Offer Shares are allocated to the Company to be sold to employees of the Group at the offer price following the Offering.The Company will receive approximately DKK 120 million in net proceeds from the sale of the new shares. The Company will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the existing shares by the Selling Shareholders.The free float will be between 59% and 65% of the Company’s share capital, depending on the potential exercise of the over-allotment option.Ferd AS, Chr. Augustinus Fabrikker A/S, Danica Pension, Livsforsikringsaktieselskab, Funds managed by I&T Asset Management (Fondsmæglerselskabet Investering & Tryghed A/S) and Spar Nord Bank A/S have as Conerstone Investors been allocated Offer Shares for DKK 600 million, corresponding to approximately 56% of the Offering excluding the over-allotment option or 49% of the Offering if the over-allotment option is exercised in full.More than 9,000 new investors have been allocated shares in Trifork. Approximately 10% of the Offer Shares have been allocated to retail investors in Denmark and approximately 90% have been allocated to Danish and international institutional investors.With respect to applications to purchase amounts of more than DKK 3 million, individual allocations have been determined by the Joint Global Coordinators after agreement upon such allocations with the Board of Directors of the Company and the Selling Shareholders.With respect to applications to purchase amounts of up to and including DKK 3 million, reductions have been made mathematically: Orders for up to and including 45 shares, corresponding to DKK 6,750, have been allocated in full. Orders for more than 45 shares have been allocated 45 shares and 4% of the remaining order. For orders that have been reduced as a result of a proportionate allocation, the orders have been rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares.First day of trading of the Temporary Purchase Certificates on Nasdaq Copenhagen is expected to commence on 27 May 2021 under the symbol ""TRIFOR TEMP"". First day of trading and official listing of the shares in the Company on Nasdaq Copenhagen is expected to be 1 June 2021 under the symbol ""TRIFOR"".Following the Offering on Nasdaq Copenhagen, Trifork plans to apply for admission to trading of its shares on SIX Swiss Exchange as a dual-listing.Further details of the Offering may be found in Appendix A (“ Result Statement ”).”). Temporary Purchase Certificates under the temporary ISIN CH1113156488 are expected to be delivered in book entry form electronically through the facilities of VP Securities, Euroclear and Clearstream on 31 May 2021 against payment in immediately available funds in DKK. The Temporary Purchase Certificates will automatically be exchanged to permanent shares in the permanent ISIN CH1111227810 in VP Securities A/S (""VP Securities"") for a corresponding number of shares on or around 2 June 2021.After the Offering and registration of the New Offer Shares with the Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, the nominal share capital of the Company will amount to CHF 1,974,489.90.Home member stateIn accordance with Section 21 of the Danish Capital Markets Act, the Company has chosen Denmark as its home member state.Bank syndicate and legal advisersCarnegie Investment Bank, Credit Suisse and Danske Bank have been appointed to act as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners. Plesner Advokatpartnerselskab and Davis Polk & Wardwell London LLP are acting as legal counsel to the Company, and Kromann Reumert and Milbank LLP are acting as legal counsel to the Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners.For further information, please contact:InvestorsDan Dysli, Head of Investor Relationsddytrifork.com, +41 79 421 6299MediaPeter Rørsgaard, Trifork CMOprotrifork.com, +45 2042 2494About TriforkTrifork Group, headquartered in Schindellegi, Switzerland, with offices in 11 countries in Europe and North America, is an international IT group focusing on the development of innovative software solutions. The group was founded in Denmark in 1996 and now has more than 800 employees in business units, focusing on three vertical business areas: Digital Health, FinTech and Smart Buildings and three horizontals: Cloud Operations, Cyber Protection and Smart Enterprise. Trifork optimizes its customers’ businesses by delivering effective and user-friendly digital solutions. As part of its innovation program, Trifork produces technical content in collaboration with hundreds of tech-experts from the leading universities and startups. With the GOTO brand and the YouTube tech-channel, Trifork serves a world-wide tech community of more than 215,000 people and with more than 20 million views since its inception. Trifork’s R&D is anchored in the Trifork Labs, where Trifork continuously co-founds and develops IT start-up companies. The startups deliver technology that Trifork uses to produce innovative solutions for customers. Read more on trifork.comImportant noticeThis announcement does not constitute an offering memorandum or a prospectus as defined by Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") and nothing herein contains an offering of securities. No one should purchase or subscribe for any securities in the Company, except on the basis of information in any prospectus published by the Company in connection with a the offering and admission of such securities to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. Copies of the prospectus are available from the Company's registered office and on the website of the Company.This announcement is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities issued by Trifork Holding AG (the “Company”) in any jurisdiction where such offer or sale would be unlawful and the announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution or release, directly or indirectly, in or into such jurisdictions.This announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia) (the “United States”). This document does not constitute, or form part of, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities in the United States. The securities of Trifork Holding AG have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States. Any securities sold in the United States will be sold only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act.In any member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA Member State”), other than Denmark, this communication is only addressed to, and is only directed at, investors in that EEA Member State who fulfil the criteria for exemption from the obligation to publish an offering memorandum, including qualified investors, within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as implemented in each such EEA Member State.This announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) – (d) of the Order (the persons described in (i) through (iii) above together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.The Joint Global Coordinators and their affiliates are acting exclusively for the Company and the selling shareholders in the Offering and no-one else in connection with the offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company and the Selling Shareholders for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in relation to the offering, the contents of this announcement or any transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to herein.In connection with the offering, the Joint Global Coordinators and any of their affiliates, acting as investors for their own accounts, may subscribe for or purchase shares and in that capacity may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such shares and other securities of the Company or related investments in connection with the offering or otherwise. Accordingly, references in the offering memorandum or prospectus, to the shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, such Joint Global Coordinators and any of their affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. The Joint Global Coordinators do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.In connection with the potential offering, Carnegie Investment Bank, Filial af Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), Sverige (the “Stabilizing Manager”) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilizing Manager) may over-allot securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilizing Manager (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilizing Manager) will undertake stabilization in any potential offering. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date of commencement of trading and official listing of the securities on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than 30 days after the date of commencement of trading and official listing of the securities.Matters discussed in this document may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and that can be identified by words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “intends”, “estimate”, “will”, “may”, “continue”, “should”, and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this announcement are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date, and are subject to change without notice.NOT FOR PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR CANADA, AUSTRALIA, JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFULAppendix ARESULT STATEMENT RELATED TO THE OFFERING OF SHARES OF TRIFORK HOLDING AGThis document constitutes a statement on the results of the Offering of Offer Shares described in the offering circular published by Trifork Holding AG (the “Company” or “Trifork”) on 17 May 2021 (also referred to as a prospectus, the “Offering Circular”), and should be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular.Terms used and not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Offering Circular. The Offer Period closed on 26 May 2020 at 00:01 (CEST) for institutional and retail investors.The Offer Price and other Offering statistics are set forth below:1. Offering statisticsOffer Price per Offer Share DKK 150 Total number of Offer Shares offered (assuming the Overallotment Option is not exercised) 7,105,880 Total number of New Offer Shares offered by the Company 940,233 Total number of New Offer Shares offered by the Selling Shareholders (excluding the Overallotment Option) 6,165,647 Total number of Option Shares under the Overallotment Option1,065,882 Total number of Offer Shares offered (assuming the Overallotment Option is exercised in full) 8,171,762 Market capitalization of the Company at the Offer Price DKK 2,961,734,850 Aggregate gross proceeds receivable by the Company DKK 141,034,950 Percentage of outstanding share capital owned by the Company's existing shareholders following the Offering (assuming the Overallotment Option is not exercised) 64.01% Percentage of outstanding share capital owned by the Company's existing shareholders following the Offering (assuming the Overallotment Option is exercised in full) 58.61%2. Share lending agreement and Overallotment OptionThe Selling Shareholders have agreed with the Joint Global Coordinators to make available up to 1,065,882 existing Shares for purposes of delivery of the Offer Shares to investors in connection with the Over-allotment Option. The existing Shares made available by the Selling Shareholders shall be redelivered by the Joint Global Coordinators, no later than following the expiry of the Over-allotment Option if the Over-allotment Option is not exercised. No costs, interest or other payments shall be made by the Group as a result of the share lending agreement or the Over-allotment Option, if exercised.3. Share capital informationUpon completion of the Offering, the Company’s registered share capital will amount to CHF 1,974,489.90, divided into 19,744,899 Shares with a nominal value of CHF 0.10 each or multiples thereof.The first day of trading in the Temporary Purchase Certificates on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the symbol “TRIFOR TEMP” is expected to be today, 27 May 2021. Trading in the Temporary Purchase Certificates will be conditional until specific conditions are met and commence before all such conditions are met and will be suspended if the Offering is not completed. Consequently, all dealings in the Temporary Purchase Certificates and Offer Shares prior to settlement of the Offering, and the Company making an announcement to that effect, will be conditional on the Offering not being withdrawn prior to settlement of the Offering, and the Company making an announcement to that effect, and any such dealings will be for the account of, and at the sole risk of, the parties concerned.The last day of trading in the Temporary Purchase Certificates on Nasdaq Copenhagen is expected to be 31 May 2021. The first day of trading and official listing of the Shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the permanent ISIN is expected to be 1 June 2021. In connection with the Temporary Purchase Certificates being automatically exchanged for Shares, the Temporary Purchase Certificates will cease to exist.Payment for and settlement of the Offer Shares by delivery of Temporary Purchase Certificates is expected to take place on 31 May 2021 against payment in immediately available funds in Danish kroner in book-entry form to investors’ accounts with VP Securities A/S and through the facilities of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.A., as operator of the Euroclear System and Clearstream Banking, S.A.If the Offering is terminated or withdrawn before settlement on 31 May 2021, the Offering and any associated arrangements will lapse, all submitted orders will be automatically cancelled, any monies received in respect of the Offering will be returned to the investors without interest (less any transaction costs) and admission to trading and official listing of the Shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen will be cancelled. Consequently, any trades in the Temporary Purchase Certificates and/or Shares effected on or off the market before settlement of the Offering may subject investors to liability for not being able to deliver the Shares sold, and investors who have sold or acquired Shares on or off the market may incur a loss. All dealings in the Temporary Purchase Certificates and/or Offer Shares prior to settlement of the Offering are for the account of, and at the sole risk of, the parties concerned.4. Ownership structureThe table below set out the information of the ownership of the Company prior to the Offering on an actual basis and on an adjusted basis to give effect to the Offering assuming (a) the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full and (b) the Over-allotment Option is not exercised. Based on the information available to the Company, the table below describes the individual shareholdings of those shareholders that hold prior to, and are expected to hold upon completion of, the Offering, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of the Company’s voting rights. The information in the tables on shares controlled by the Board of Directors, the Executive Management and the Key Employee also include indirect holdings and holdings through other legal entities. In case the shareholding percentages do not sum to 100% in the following table, this is due to rounding.Prior to the Offering Upon completion of the Offering No exercise of the Over-allotment Option Full exercise of the Over-allotment Option Shareholder Sharesheld % of voting rights Sharesheld % of voting rights Sharesheld % of voting rights Jørn Larsen(1) 4,509,858 23.98% 3,849,140 19.49% 3,809,995 19.30% GRO Capital A/S(2) 3,760,384 20.00% 554,257 2.81% — — Kresten Krab Thorup(3) 3,308,840 17.60% 1,603,627 8.12% 1,308,840 6.63% Other existing Shareholders 7,225,584 38.42% 6,631,995 33.59% 6,454,302 32.69% New Shareholders — — 7,105,880 35.99% 8,171,762 41.39% Total 18,804,666 100% 19,744,899 100% 19,744,899 100% Board of Directors Julie B. Galbo 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% Olivier Jaquet 64,145 0.34% 64,145 0.32% 64,145 0.32% Casey Rosenthal 2,058 0.01% 2,058 0.01% 2,058 0.01% Maria Hjorth 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% Lars Lunde (through GRO Holding I ApS and GRO Fund I K/S) 3,760,384 20.00% 554,257 2.81% — — Executive Management Jørn Larsen(1) 4,509,858 23.98% 3,849,140 19.49% 3,809,995 19.30% Kristian Wulf-Andersen(1) 312,539 1.66% 259,529 1.31% 259,470 1.31% Key Employee Jesper Grankær Carøe(1) 193,620 1.03% 142,262 0.72% 136,178 0.69%(1) Directly and indirectly through Blackbird II ApS, a holding company owned by the CEO, Jørn Larsen, the CFO, Kristian Wulf-Andersen, and, indirectly, the Key Employee, Jesper Grankær Carøe, as well as another employee of the Group. Jørn Larsen holds 78 % of the share capital of Blackbird II ApS.(2) Through GRO Holding I ApS, a direct co-investment vehicle for GRO Fund I K/S, which is managed by GRO Capital A/S.(3) Directly and indirectly through Kresten Krab Thorup ApS and SSN THORUP ApS.Attachment","['shareholders', 'overallotment', 'announces', 'offering', '112021trifork', 'result', 'public', 'securities', 'option', 'purchase', 'company', 'offer', 'shares', 'initial', 'trifork']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.mccourier.com/global-occlusion-catheters-market-2021-analysis-by-business-development-concentration-rate-competitive-situation-and-trends-forecast-to-2026/,"Global Occlusion Catheters Market 2021: Analysis by Business Development, Concentration Rate, Competitive Situation and Trends Forecast To 2026 – The Courier","Global Occlusion Catheters Market 2020 -Research report offers extensive analysis of market trends and shares.The report analyzes the present market size, current market trends, key segments, and future forecasts of the market.The Occlusion Catheters Industry shares of segments (players, type, application, and regions) are organized to give an opportunistic roadmap to the readers of the Global Industry.The Occlusion Catheters Market analysis is provided for the global markets including growth trends, modest landscape analysis, development plan, business strategy, opportunities, and progress status of key regions.In addition, reports on the pharmaceutical development, clinical and healthcare IT industries provide future trends and future market prospects.","Global Occlusion Catheters Market 2020 -Research report offers extensive analysis of market trends and shares. The report analyzes the present market size, current market trends, key segments, and future forecasts of the market. The Occlusion Catheters Industry shares of segments (players, type, application, and regions) are organized to give an opportunistic roadmap to the readers of the Global Industry. The report also contains the study of drivers, restraints, and trends that impact the current scenario of the Occlusion Catheters Industry and its impact on the market over the forecast period 2021– 2026.Request a Free sample Copy of this premium research: _sample.php?id=9247The report delivers comprehensive coverage of the Occlusion Catheters Market, with structure, definitions, applications, and Industry Chain classifications. The Occlusion Catheters Market analysis is provided for the global markets including growth trends, modest landscape analysis, development plan, business strategy, opportunities, and progress status of key regions. Advance policies and plans are discussed, and business processes and cost structures analyzed. This report also comprises information on import / export consumption, supply and demand, costs, industry share, policy, Price, Sales, and gross margins.Occlusion Catheters Market Manufactures:AcrostakALVIMEDICAAngiodynamicsArthesysBoston ScientificClearstream TechnologiesConcentric MedicalCooperSurgicalCordisDispomedicaEdwards LifesciencesEndocorB. MedicalGoreInSitu TechnologiesLeMaitre VascularMedinolMicroVentionMinvasysNatec MedicalOscorPenumbraRichard WolfRontis MedicalSIS MedicalStrykerSummit medical USAMarket segmentation by types:BalloonLumenHydrophilic?Regional Segment Analysis:North AmericaEuropeChinaJapanSoutheast AsiaIndiaOcclusion Catheters Market segmentation by applications:HospitalClinicDetailed Qualitative Analyses Contain Identification and Investigation of the Aspects: Market Structure, Growth Drivers, Restraints and Challenges, Developing Product Trends & Market Opportunities, Porter’s Fiver Forces. The Occlusion Catheters market report also studies the financial standing of the top companies, which comprises gross profit, revenue generation, sales volume, sales revenue, business cost, individual progress rate, and other financial ratios. The report basically gives information about the Market trends, development factors, limitations, opportunities, challenges, future predictions, and details about all the key market players.Request a discount on standard prices of this premium research: _for_discount.php?id=9247Reasons for Buying this Report:The Occlusion Catheters market report offers pin-point analysis for changing competitive dynamicsIt offers a forward-looking perspective on various driving factors or preventive market evolutionIt provides a six-year forecast assessed on the basis of how the Occlusion Catheters market is projected to growIt helps in understanding the key product segments and their future in keyword IndustryIt provides pinpoint analysis of changing competition dynamics and keeps you ahead of competitorsIt helps in making informed commercial decisions by having complete insights of market and by making detailed analysis of Occlusion Catheters market segmentsTable of Content:Global Occlusion Catheters Market Research Report 2021-2026Chapter 1 Market OverviewChapter 2 Global Economic Impact on Occlusion Catheters Market IndustryChapter 3 Global Industry Competition by ManufacturersChapter 4 Global Occlusion Catheters Market Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2021-2026)Chapter 5 Global Market Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2021-2026)Chapter 6 Global Market Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by TypeChapter 7 Global Occlusion Catheters Market Analysis by ApplicationChapter 8 Market Manufacturing Cost AnalysisChapter 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream BuyersChapter 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/TradersChapter 11 Market Effect Factors AnalysisChapter 12 Global Occlusion Catheters Market Forecast (2021-2026)13 AppendixPurchase Report at- ?id=9247&price=3300Healthcare Intelligence Market:HealthCare Intelligence Markets Reports provides market intelligence and consulting services to global customers in 145 countries. Being a B2B company, we help businesses respond boldly to evolving market challenges. Create customized syndicated market research reports to help market players build strategies to change games. In addition, reports on the pharmaceutical development, clinical and healthcare IT industries provide future trends and future market prospects.Contact Us:Marvella LitPhone number: + 44-753-712-1342Address: 90 State Office Center90 State Street Suite 700, Albany, NY 12207saleshealthcareintelligencemarkets.com,www.healthcareintelligencemarkets.com","['trends', 'concentration', 'development', 'research', 'global', 'future', 'analysis', 'situation', 'catheters', 'market', 'courier', 'occlusion', 'forecast', 'report', 'industry', 'rate']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.mccourier.com/future-of-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-latest-research-report-2021-major-players-medtronic-inc-angiomed-gmbh-%EF%BC%86co-medizintechnik-kg-abbott-laboratories-vascular-enterprises-limit/,"Future Of Peripheral Vascular Devices Market. Latest Research Report 2021. Major Players – Medtronic, Inc., Angiomed GmbH ＆Co. Medizintechnik KG, Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited, Teru","Industry Growth Insights (IGI) recently published a latest research study on the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market for the forecast period, 2021-2028.The global Peripheral Vascular Devices market includesMedtronic, Inc.Angiomed GmbH ＆Co.Get Exclusive Free Sample Report: -sample/?reportId=169628Segmentation InsightThe report offers an in-depth analysis of segments and sub-segments of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market.Competitive LandscapeThe report covers key players of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market and their market position as well as performance over the years.COVID-19 Outbreak: Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry ImpactChapter 7.","Industry Growth Insights (IGI) recently published a latest research study on the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market for the forecast period, 2021-2028. As per the study, the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market was valued at USDXX million and is projected to surpass USDXX million by the end of 2027, expanding at a CAGR of XX% during the forecast period. This research report offers a comprehensive outlook of the market with detailed information about drivers, restraints, opportunities, trends, and challenges, which are the key factors that can influence the market outcome in the targeted years.The market report offers a concise overview of the segments and sub-segments including the product types, applications, players, and regions to provide the key aspects of the market. The report focuses on the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the current market and provides an in-depth explanation about the market situation in the coming years. The report thoroughly studies the market dynamics, changing consumer behavior, and the flow of the global supply chain of the market, impacted by the ongoing pandemic. These critical insights of the report aim to present a robust guideline for the clients to arrive an informed business decision about their investment in the market since it evaluates the factors that are likely to influence the current and future market situation.The global Peripheral Vascular Devices market includesMedtronic, Inc.Angiomed GmbH ＆Co. Medizintechnik KGAbbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises LimitedTerumo CorporationENDOLOGIX, Inc.William Cook Europe ApSBolton Medical, Inc.Jotec GmbHClearStream Technologies Ltd.Aesculap AGBoston Scientific Corporationcurative medical devices gmbhLepuMicroportBioteq** Additional companies can be provided at the request of clients.Get Exclusive Free Sample Report: -sample/?reportId=169628Segmentation InsightThe report offers an in-depth analysis of segments and sub-segments of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market. It provides a broad outlook regarding the performance, market valuation, and growth opportunities of each segment along with the expected CAGR including various sub-segments of each segment during the forecast period. Moreover, the segment part includes both drivers and restraining factors to explain the potential expansion of the market. The report covers the major industries that extensively use the product for their various applications. A detailed explanation is provided in the report about the areas of applications describing where the product is adopted by key industries to leverage their business portfolio.The global Peripheral Vascular Devices market is segmented intoBy Types/ProductPeripheral vascular stentsPTA balloon catheterEmbolic protection deviceAortic stent graftSurgical artificial transplantBy Applications/End-UsersThe treatment of peripheral blood vessels damagedThe treatment of peripheral blood vessels blockageBuy The Complete Report: ?reportId=169628Regional MarketsThe report conducts a compressive study about potential growth opportunities, revenue share, and major challenges of five major regions namely Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa (MEA) of Peripheral Vascular Devices market. A wide range of information is included in the report about the performance and potential market destination in sub-regions and countries within a region. North America includes countries such as the U.S., and Canada. Europe as a region is further categorized as the U.K., France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Russia, and Rest of Europe. Asia Pacific is classified as China, Japan, South Korea, India, Australia, South East Asia, and Rest of Asia Pacific. Latin America as a region is further segmented into Brazil, Mexico, and Rest of Latin America, and the MEA region includes GCC, Turkey, South Africa, and Rest of MEA.Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts on these regional markets comprises a major part of the chapter to understand a broad picture of the overall market development. Meanwhile, this report can be customized and available for any specific region as per the need of the clients.Competitive LandscapeThe report covers key players of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market and their market position as well as performance over the years. It offers a detailed insight about the latest business strategies such as mergers, partnerships, product launch, acquisitions, expansion of production units, and collaborations, adopted by some major global players. In this chapter, the report explains about the key investment on R&D activities from key players to help expand their existing business operations and geographical reach. Additionally, the report evaluates the scope of growth and market opportunities of new entrants or players in the market.For Any Question Regarding This Report: -before-buying/?reportId=169628Reasons to buy this reportThis report offers a broad and concise analysis of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market using a robust research methodology and focusing on various data available for the historical period of past two years. It also covers some key segments and potential regional market in details that are expected to boost the overall market significantly during the forecast period. Moreover, this report is prepared with an objective to ease the understanding of contents as it provides a range of concise graphical representations, tables, and figures.Additionally, the report answers some of these main questions of the market:Which segment is expected to generate the highest revenue share of the market during the forecast period? Which region is projected to dominate the market and what are the potential markets for robust performance in the coming years? What are the dominant players of the market and what is their expected share of the market during the projected period?Major Points Covered In This Report:Chapter 1. Report OverviewChapter 2. Global Growth TrendsChapter 3. Market Share by Key PlayersChapter 4. Breakdown Data by Type and ApplicationChapter 5. Market by End Users/ApplicationChapter 6. COVID-19 Outbreak: Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry ImpactChapter 7. Opportunity Analysis in Covid-19 CrisisChapter 9. Market Driving ForceAnd Many More…Contact Info:Name: Alex MathewsAddress: 500 East E Street, Ontario,CA 91764, United States.Phone No: USA: +1 909 414 1393Email: salesindustrygrowthinsights.comWebsite: ","['teru', 'major', 'peripheral', 'research', 'medizintechnik', 'key', 'global', 'players', 'vascular', 'market', 'region', 'devices', 'report', 'period', 'medtronic']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://ksusentinel.com/2021/05/25/latest-trends-in-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-companies-included-medtronic-inc-angiomed-gmbh-%EF%BC%86co-medizintechnik-kg-abbott-laboratories-vascular-enterprises-limited-terumo-corpor/,"Latest Trends In Peripheral Vascular Devices Market. Companies Included – Medtronic, Inc., Angiomed GmbH ＆Co. Medizintechnik KG, Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited, Terumo Corporation, E","Industry Growth Insights (IGI) recently published a latest research study on the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market for the forecast period, 2021-2028.The global Peripheral Vascular Devices market includesMedtronic, Inc.Angiomed GmbH ＆Co.Get Exclusive Free Sample Report: -sample/?reportId=169628Segmentation InsightThe report offers an in-depth analysis of segments and sub-segments of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market.Competitive LandscapeThe report covers key players of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market and their market position as well as performance over the years.COVID-19 Outbreak: Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry ImpactChapter 7.","Industry Growth Insights (IGI) recently published a latest research study on the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market for the forecast period, 2021-2028. As per the study, the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market was valued at USDXX million and is projected to surpass USDXX million by the end of 2027, expanding at a CAGR of XX% during the forecast period. This research report offers a comprehensive outlook of the market with detailed information about drivers, restraints, opportunities, trends, and challenges, which are the key factors that can influence the market outcome in the targeted years.The market report offers a concise overview of the segments and sub-segments including the product types, applications, players, and regions to provide the key aspects of the market. The report focuses on the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the current market and provides an in-depth explanation about the market situation in the coming years. The report thoroughly studies the market dynamics, changing consumer behavior, and the flow of the global supply chain of the market, impacted by the ongoing pandemic. These critical insights of the report aim to present a robust guideline for the clients to arrive an informed business decision about their investment in the market since it evaluates the factors that are likely to influence the current and future market situation.The global Peripheral Vascular Devices market includesMedtronic, Inc.Angiomed GmbH ＆Co. Medizintechnik KGAbbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises LimitedTerumo CorporationENDOLOGIX, Inc.William Cook Europe ApSBolton Medical, Inc.Jotec GmbHClearStream Technologies Ltd.Aesculap AGBoston Scientific Corporationcurative medical devices gmbhLepuMicroportBioteq** Additional companies can be provided at the request of clients.Get Exclusive Free Sample Report: -sample/?reportId=169628Segmentation InsightThe report offers an in-depth analysis of segments and sub-segments of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market. It provides a broad outlook regarding the performance, market valuation, and growth opportunities of each segment along with the expected CAGR including various sub-segments of each segment during the forecast period. Moreover, the segment part includes both drivers and restraining factors to explain the potential expansion of the market. The report covers the major industries that extensively use the product for their various applications. A detailed explanation is provided in the report about the areas of applications describing where the product is adopted by key industries to leverage their business portfolio.The global Peripheral Vascular Devices market is segmented intoBy Types/ProductPeripheral vascular stentsPTA balloon catheterEmbolic protection deviceAortic stent graftSurgical artificial transplantBy Applications/End-UsersThe treatment of peripheral blood vessels damagedThe treatment of peripheral blood vessels blockageBuy The Complete Report: ?reportId=169628Regional MarketsThe report conducts a compressive study about potential growth opportunities, revenue share, and major challenges of five major regions namely Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa (MEA) of Peripheral Vascular Devices market. A wide range of information is included in the report about the performance and potential market destination in sub-regions and countries within a region. North America includes countries such as the U.S., and Canada. Europe as a region is further categorized as the U.K., France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Russia, and Rest of Europe. Asia Pacific is classified as China, Japan, South Korea, India, Australia, South East Asia, and Rest of Asia Pacific. Latin America as a region is further segmented into Brazil, Mexico, and Rest of Latin America, and the MEA region includes GCC, Turkey, South Africa, and Rest of MEA.Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts on these regional markets comprises a major part of the chapter to understand a broad picture of the overall market development. Meanwhile, this report can be customized and available for any specific region as per the need of the clients.Competitive LandscapeThe report covers key players of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market and their market position as well as performance over the years. It offers a detailed insight about the latest business strategies such as mergers, partnerships, product launch, acquisitions, expansion of production units, and collaborations, adopted by some major global players. In this chapter, the report explains about the key investment on R&D activities from key players to help expand their existing business operations and geographical reach. Additionally, the report evaluates the scope of growth and market opportunities of new entrants or players in the market.For Any Question Regarding This Report: -before-buying/?reportId=169628Reasons to buy this reportThis report offers a broad and concise analysis of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market using a robust research methodology and focusing on various data available for the historical period of past two years. It also covers some key segments and potential regional market in details that are expected to boost the overall market significantly during the forecast period. Moreover, this report is prepared with an objective to ease the understanding of contents as it provides a range of concise graphical representations, tables, and figures.Additionally, the report answers some of these main questions of the market:Which segment is expected to generate the highest revenue share of the market during the forecast period? Which region is projected to dominate the market and what are the potential markets for robust performance in the coming years? What are the dominant players of the market and what is their expected share of the market during the projected period?Major Points Covered In This Report:Chapter 1. Report OverviewChapter 2. Global Growth TrendsChapter 3. Market Share by Key PlayersChapter 4. Breakdown Data by Type and ApplicationChapter 5. Market by End Users/ApplicationChapter 6. COVID-19 Outbreak: Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry ImpactChapter 7. Opportunity Analysis in Covid-19 CrisisChapter 9. Market Driving ForceAnd Many More…Contact Info:Name: Alex MathewsAddress: 500 East E Street, Ontario,CA 91764, United States.Phone No: USA: +1 909 414 1393Email: salesindustrygrowthinsights.comWebsite: ","['trends', 'peripheral', 'medizintechnik', 'limited', 'laboratories', 'key', 'global', 'players', 'vascular', 'terumo', 'market', 'region', 'latest', 'devices', 'report', 'period', 'medtronic']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Google API,https://www.directorstalkinterviews.com/deutsche-boerse-na-o.n.---consensus-indicates-potential--12.6-downside/412993026,DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. - Consensus Indicates ...,"with ticker code (DB1.DE) now have 18 analysts providing opinions on the stock.With the stocks previous close at €137.00 this is indicating there is a potential downside of -12.6%.Visit the company website at: -boerse.comDeutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe, the United States, and the Asia-Pacific.The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives), EEX (Commodities), 360T (Foreign Exchange), Xetra (Cash Equities), Clearstream (Post-Trading), IFS (Investment Fund Services), and Qontigo (index and analytics business).It also operates in the cash market through Xetra, BÃ¶rse Frankfurt, and Tradegate trading venues; operates as a central counterparty for equities and bonds; and provides listing services.","DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. with ticker code (DB1.DE) now have 18 analysts providing opinions on the stock. The overall opinion of which is a ‘none’. The target price ranges between €135.00 and €97. and has a mean target at €119.75. With the stocks previous close at €137.00 this is indicating there is a potential downside of -12.6%. The 50 day moving average now sits at €142.99 and the 200 day MA is €138.29. The company has a market cap of €25b. Visit the company website at: -boerse.comDeutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe, the United States, and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives), EEX (Commodities), 360T (Foreign Exchange), Xetra (Cash Equities), Clearstream (Post-Trading), IFS (Investment Fund Services), and Qontigo (index and analytics business). The company engages in the electronic trading of derivatives, electricity and gas products, emission rights, and foreign exchange; operating of Eurex Repo over the counter (OTC) trading platform and electronic clearing architecture; and operating as a central counterparty for on-and-off exchange derivatives, repo transactions, and OTC and exchange-traded derivatives. It also operates in the cash market through Xetra, BÃ¶rse Frankfurt, and Tradegate trading venues; operates as a central counterparty for equities and bonds; and provides listing services. In addition, the company offers custody and settlement services for securities; investment fund services; global securities financing services; and global securities finance and collateral management, as well as secured money, market transaction, and repos and securities lending transaction services. Further, it develops and markets indices, as well as portfolio management and risk analysis software; markets licenses for trading and market signals; provides technology and reporting solutions for external customers; and offers link-up of trading participants. Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG was founded in 1585 and is headquartered in Eschborn, Germany.","['exchange', 'derivatives', 'downside', 'securities', 'consensus', '126', 'services', 'company', 'operates', 'market', 'indicates', 'trading', 'xetra', 'bãrse', 'potential']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/11-2021-trifork-announces-result-044500685.html,11/2021・Trifork announces the result of its Initial Public Offering,"Trifork announces the result of its Initial Public OfferingWith reference to company announcement no.Provided that the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the Offering will comprise of 8,171,762 shares in total.The total value of the Offering amounts to approximately DKK 1.066 billion, and approximately DKK 1.226 billion if the over-allotment option is exercised in full.The free float will be between 59% and 65% of the Company’s share capital, depending on the potential exercise of the over-allotment option.No costs, interest or other payments shall be made by the Group as a result of the share lending agreement or the Over-allotment Option, if exercised.","Company announcement no. 11 / 2021Schindellegi, Switzerland - 27 May 2021NOT FOR PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR CANADA, AUSTRALIA, JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFULThis announcement does not constitute an offering memorandum or a prospectus as defined by Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017. The offer to acquire securities pursuant to any offering is made, and any investor should make his investment decision, solely on the basis of information that is contained in a prospectus made generally available in Denmark in connection with the offering. Copies of the prospectus may be obtained by persons in Denmark through the website of the Company as set forth elsewhere in this announcement.Trifork announces the result of its Initial Public OfferingWith reference to company announcement no. 9/2021 dated 17 May 2021 as published by Trifork Holding AG (Swiss company registration number CHE-474.101.854) (“Trifork” or the ""Company"") in connection with the initial public offering (the “Offering”) and admission to trading and official listing of the Trifork's shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen, Trifork today announces the result of the Offering.Julie Galbo, Chairperson of Trifork, said:“I am very pleased to welcome all the new shareholders of Trifork, both private and institutional investors. We are overwhelmed and humbled by the huge interest in the IPO of Trifork, which means that we cannot fully allocate all orders. The successful IPO of Trifork is an acknowledgement of Trifork’s unique business model, ambitions to drive digitization processes internationally and to continue the solid and profitable growth track record. I want to thank the management team and all the dedicated people at Trifork for their contributions, in particular during the IPO process.”Jørn Larsen, Founder and CEO of Trifork, said:“We are grateful and very encouraged by the positive and inspiring feedback we have received from investors in the past weeks. We will work hard to deliver on the expectations of all our new shareholders. The IPO is a good platform to continue our growth journey and to continue to make innovative software solutions that make life better and easier for everyone.”Story continuesHighlights of the OfferingAn offer price of DKK 150 per share of nominal value of CHF 0.10 each.The Offering attracted substantial interest from both Danish retail and Danish and international institutional investors.6,165,647 existing shares sold on behalf of the Selling Shareholders (as defined below) and 940,233 new shares sold on behalf of the Company. The existing shares are being offered by GRO Holding I ApS, Kresten Krab Holding ApS, Jørn Larsen and certain other shareholders in the Company (jointly referred to as the ""Selling Shareholders"").An over-allotment option to acquire up to 1,065,882 additional shares has been granted to the Joint Global Coordinators by the Selling Shareholders, exercisable, in whole or in part, until 26 June 2021. The over-allotment option corresponds to 15% of the Offer Shares. Provided that the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the Offering will comprise of 8,171,762 shares in total.The total value of the Offering amounts to approximately DKK 1.066 billion, and approximately DKK 1.226 billion if the over-allotment option is exercised in full. The Offering corresponds to a total market value of all issued shares of the Company of approximately DKK 2.962 billion.Following completion and settlement of the Offering, Jørn Larsen, Kresten Krab Holding ApS and GRO Holding I ApS will hold respectively 19.49%, 8.12% and 2.81% of the share capital and voting rights of the Company, assuming no exercise of the over-allotment option, and 19.30%, 6.63% and 0.00%, respectively, assuming full exercise of the over-allotment option.223,083 Offer Shares are allocated to the Company to be sold to employees of the Group at the offer price following the Offering.The Company will receive approximately DKK 120 million in net proceeds from the sale of the new shares. The Company will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the existing shares by the Selling Shareholders.The free float will be between 59% and 65% of the Company’s share capital, depending on the potential exercise of the over-allotment option.Ferd AS, Chr. Augustinus Fabrikker A/S, Danica Pension, Livsforsikringsaktieselskab, Funds managed by I&T Asset Management (Fondsmæglerselskabet Investering & Tryghed A/S) and Spar Nord Bank A/S have as Conerstone Investors been allocated Offer Shares for DKK 600 million, corresponding to approximately 56% of the Offering excluding the over-allotment option or 49% of the Offering if the over-allotment option is exercised in full.More than 9,000 new investors have been allocated shares in Trifork. Approximately 10% of the Offer Shares have been allocated to retail investors in Denmark and approximately 90% have been allocated to Danish and international institutional investors.With respect to applications to purchase amounts of more than DKK 3 million, individual allocations have been determined by the Joint Global Coordinators after agreement upon such allocations with the Board of Directors of the Company and the Selling Shareholders.With respect to applications to purchase amounts of up to and including DKK 3 million, reductions have been made mathematically: Orders for up to and including 45 shares, corresponding to DKK 6,750, have been allocated in full. Orders for more than 45 shares have been allocated 45 shares and 4% of the remaining order. For orders that have been reduced as a result of a proportionate allocation, the orders have been rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares.First day of trading of the Temporary Purchase Certificates on Nasdaq Copenhagen is expected to commence on 27 May 2021 under the symbol ""TRIFOR TEMP"". First day of trading and official listing of the shares in the Company on Nasdaq Copenhagen is expected to be 1 June 2021 under the symbol ""TRIFOR"".Following the Offering on Nasdaq Copenhagen, Trifork plans to apply for admission to trading of its shares on SIX Swiss Exchange as a dual-listing.Further details of the Offering may be found in Appendix A (“ Result Statement ”).Temporary Purchase Certificates under the temporary ISIN CH1113156488 are expected to be delivered in book entry form electronically through the facilities of VP Securities, Euroclear and Clearstream on 31 May 2021 against payment in immediately available funds in DKK. The Temporary Purchase Certificates will automatically be exchanged to permanent shares in the permanent ISIN CH1111227810 in VP Securities A/S (""VP Securities"") for a corresponding number of shares on or around 2 June 2021.After the Offering and registration of the New Offer Shares with the Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, the nominal share capital of the Company will amount to CHF 1,974,489.90.Home member stateIn accordance with Section 21 of the Danish Capital Markets Act, the Company has chosen Denmark as its home member state.Bank syndicate and legal advisersCarnegie Investment Bank, Credit Suisse and Danske Bank have been appointed to act as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners. Plesner Advokatpartnerselskab and Davis Polk & Wardwell London LLP are acting as legal counsel to the Company, and Kromann Reumert and Milbank LLP are acting as legal counsel to the Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners.For further information, please contact:InvestorsDan Dysli, Head of Investor Relationsddytrifork.com, +41 79 421 6299MediaPeter Rørsgaard, Trifork CMOprotrifork.com, +45 2042 2494About TriforkTrifork Group, headquartered in Schindellegi, Switzerland, with offices in 11 countries in Europe and North America, is an international IT group focusing on the development of innovative software solutions. The group was founded in Denmark in 1996 and now has more than 800 employees in business units, focusing on three vertical business areas: Digital Health, FinTech and Smart Buildings and three horizontals: Cloud Operations, Cyber Protection and Smart Enterprise. Trifork optimizes its customers’ businesses by delivering effective and user-friendly digital solutions. As part of its innovation program, Trifork produces technical content in collaboration with hundreds of tech-experts from the leading universities and startups. With the GOTO brand and the YouTube tech-channel, Trifork serves a world-wide tech community of more than 215,000 people and with more than 20 million views since its inception. Trifork’s R&D is anchored in the Trifork Labs, where Trifork continuously co-founds and develops IT start-up companies. The startups deliver technology that Trifork uses to produce innovative solutions for customers. Read more on trifork.comImportant noticeThis announcement does not constitute an offering memorandum or a prospectus as defined by Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") and nothing herein contains an offering of securities. No one should purchase or subscribe for any securities in the Company, except on the basis of information in any prospectus published by the Company in connection with a the offering and admission of such securities to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. Copies of the prospectus are available from the Company's registered office and on the website of the Company.This announcement is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities issued by Trifork Holding AG (the “Company”) in any jurisdiction where such offer or sale would be unlawful and the announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution or release, directly or indirectly, in or into such jurisdictions.This announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia) (the “United States”). This document does not constitute, or form part of, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities in the United States. The securities of Trifork Holding AG have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States. Any securities sold in the United States will be sold only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act.In any member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA Member State”), other than Denmark, this communication is only addressed to, and is only directed at, investors in that EEA Member State who fulfil the criteria for exemption from the obligation to publish an offering memorandum, including qualified investors, within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as implemented in each such EEA Member State.This announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) – (d) of the Order (the persons described in (i) through (iii) above together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.The Joint Global Coordinators and their affiliates are acting exclusively for the Company and the selling shareholders in the Offering and no-one else in connection with the offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company and the Selling Shareholders for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in relation to the offering, the contents of this announcement or any transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to herein.In connection with the offering, the Joint Global Coordinators and any of their affiliates, acting as investors for their own accounts, may subscribe for or purchase shares and in that capacity may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such shares and other securities of the Company or related investments in connection with the offering or otherwise. Accordingly, references in the offering memorandum or prospectus, to the shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, such Joint Global Coordinators and any of their affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. The Joint Global Coordinators do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.In connection with the potential offering, Carnegie Investment Bank, Filial af Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), Sverige (the “Stabilizing Manager”) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilizing Manager) may over-allot securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilizing Manager (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilizing Manager) will undertake stabilization in any potential offering. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date of commencement of trading and official listing of the securities on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than 30 days after the date of commencement of trading and official listing of the securities.Matters discussed in this document may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and that can be identified by words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “intends”, “estimate”, “will”, “may”, “continue”, “should”, and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this announcement are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date, and are subject to change without notice.NOT FOR PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR CANADA, AUSTRALIA, JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFULAppendix ARESULT STATEMENT RELATED TO THE OFFERING OF SHARES OF TRIFORK HOLDING AGThis document constitutes a statement on the results of the Offering of Offer Shares described in the offering circular published by Trifork Holding AG (the “Company” or “Trifork”) on 17 May 2021 (also referred to as a prospectus, the “Offering Circular”), and should be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular.Terms used and not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Offering Circular. The Offer Period closed on 26 May 2020 at 00:01 (CEST) for institutional and retail investors.The Offer Price and other Offering statistics are set forth below:1. Offering statisticsOffer Price per Offer Share DKK 150 Total number of Offer Shares offered (assuming the Overallotment Option is not exercised) 7,105,880 Total number of New Offer Shares offered by the Company 940,233 Total number of New Offer Shares offered by the Selling Shareholders (excluding the Overallotment Option) 6,165,647 Total number of Option Shares under the Overallotment Option1,065,882 Total number of Offer Shares offered (assuming the Overallotment Option is exercised in full) 8,171,762 Market capitalization of the Company at the Offer Price DKK 2,961,734,850 Aggregate gross proceeds receivable by the Company DKK 141,034,950 Percentage of outstanding share capital owned by the Company's existing shareholders following the Offering (assuming the Overallotment Option is not exercised) 64.01% Percentage of outstanding share capital owned by the Company's existing shareholders following the Offering (assuming the Overallotment Option is exercised in full) 58.61%2. Share lending agreement and Overallotment OptionThe Selling Shareholders have agreed with the Joint Global Coordinators to make available up to 1,065,882 existing Shares for purposes of delivery of the Offer Shares to investors in connection with the Over-allotment Option. The existing Shares made available by the Selling Shareholders shall be redelivered by the Joint Global Coordinators, no later than following the expiry of the Over-allotment Option if the Over-allotment Option is not exercised. No costs, interest or other payments shall be made by the Group as a result of the share lending agreement or the Over-allotment Option, if exercised.3. Share capital informationUpon completion of the Offering, the Company’s registered share capital will amount to CHF 1,974,489.90, divided into 19,744,899 Shares with a nominal value of CHF 0.10 each or multiples thereof.The first day of trading in the Temporary Purchase Certificates on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the symbol “TRIFOR TEMP” is expected to be today, 27 May 2021. Trading in the Temporary Purchase Certificates will be conditional until specific conditions are met and commence before all such conditions are met and will be suspended if the Offering is not completed. Consequently, all dealings in the Temporary Purchase Certificates and Offer Shares prior to settlement of the Offering, and the Company making an announcement to that effect, will be conditional on the Offering not being withdrawn prior to settlement of the Offering, and the Company making an announcement to that effect, and any such dealings will be for the account of, and at the sole risk of, the parties concerned.The last day of trading in the Temporary Purchase Certificates on Nasdaq Copenhagen is expected to be 31 May 2021. The first day of trading and official listing of the Shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen under the permanent ISIN is expected to be 1 June 2021. In connection with the Temporary Purchase Certificates being automatically exchanged for Shares, the Temporary Purchase Certificates will cease to exist.Payment for and settlement of the Offer Shares by delivery of Temporary Purchase Certificates is expected to take place on 31 May 2021 against payment in immediately available funds in Danish kroner in book-entry form to investors’ accounts with VP Securities A/S and through the facilities of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.A., as operator of the Euroclear System and Clearstream Banking, S.A.If the Offering is terminated or withdrawn before settlement on 31 May 2021, the Offering and any associated arrangements will lapse, all submitted orders will be automatically cancelled, any monies received in respect of the Offering will be returned to the investors without interest (less any transaction costs) and admission to trading and official listing of the Shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen will be cancelled. Consequently, any trades in the Temporary Purchase Certificates and/or Shares effected on or off the market before settlement of the Offering may subject investors to liability for not being able to deliver the Shares sold, and investors who have sold or acquired Shares on or off the market may incur a loss. All dealings in the Temporary Purchase Certificates and/or Offer Shares prior to settlement of the Offering are for the account of, and at the sole risk of, the parties concerned.4. Ownership structureThe table below set out the information of the ownership of the Company prior to the Offering on an actual basis and on an adjusted basis to give effect to the Offering assuming (a) the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full and (b) the Over-allotment Option is not exercised. Based on the information available to the Company, the table below describes the individual shareholdings of those shareholders that hold prior to, and are expected to hold upon completion of, the Offering, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of the Company’s voting rights. The information in the tables on shares controlled by the Board of Directors, the Executive Management and the Key Employee also include indirect holdings and holdings through other legal entities. In case the shareholding percentages do not sum to 100% in the following table, this is due to rounding.Prior to the Offering Upon completion of the Offering No exercise of the Over-allotment Option Full exercise of the Over-allotment Option Shareholder Sharesheld % of voting rights Sharesheld % of voting rights Sharesheld % of voting rights Jørn Larsen(1) 4,509,858 23.98% 3,849,140 19.49% 3,809,995 19.30% GRO Capital A/S(2) 3,760,384 20.00% 554,257 2.81% — — Kresten Krab Thorup(3) 3,308,840 17.60% 1,603,627 8.12% 1,308,840 6.63% Other existing Shareholders 7,225,584 38.42% 6,631,995 33.59% 6,454,302 32.69% New Shareholders — — 7,105,880 35.99% 8,171,762 41.39% Total 18,804,666 100% 19,744,899 100% 19,744,899 100% Board of Directors Julie B. Galbo 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% Olivier Jaquet 64,145 0.34% 64,145 0.32% 64,145 0.32% Casey Rosenthal 2,058 0.01% 2,058 0.01% 2,058 0.01% Maria Hjorth 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% 3,940 0.02% Lars Lunde (through GRO Holding I ApS and GRO Fund I K/S) 3,760,384 20.00% 554,257 2.81% — — Executive Management Jørn Larsen(1) 4,509,858 23.98% 3,849,140 19.49% 3,809,995 19.30% Kristian Wulf-Andersen(1) 312,539 1.66% 259,529 1.31% 259,470 1.31% Key Employee Jesper Grankær Carøe(1) 193,620 1.03% 142,262 0.72% 136,178 0.69%(1) Directly and indirectly through Blackbird II ApS, a holding company owned by the CEO, Jørn Larsen, the CFO, Kristian Wulf-Andersen, and, indirectly, the Key Employee, Jesper Grankær Carøe, as well as another employee of the Group. Jørn Larsen holds 78 % of the share capital of Blackbird II ApS.(2) Through GRO Holding I ApS, a direct co-investment vehicle for GRO Fund I K/S, which is managed by GRO Capital A/S.(3) Directly and indirectly through Kresten Krab Thorup ApS and SSN THORUP ApS.Attachment","['shareholders', 'overallotment', 'announces', 'offering', '112021trifork', 'result', 'public', 'securities', 'option', 'purchase', 'company', 'offer', 'shares', 'initial', 'trifork']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,PyNews API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-dominican-republic-announces-offers-to-purchase-existing-notes-301300445.html,The Dominican Republic Announces Offers To Purchase Existing Notes,"In the event of a termination of the Offer, the tendered Existing Notes will be returned to the tendering Holder.If the Purchase Price for all validly tendered Existing Notes (the "" Tendered Aggregate Purchase Price "") would exceed the Maximum Purchase Price, then the Republic will, in its sole discretion, select one or more series of Existing Notes to be prorated on the basis of the same or different proration factors.Holders whose Existing Notes are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will also receive Accrued Interest.It is not complete and may not contain all the information that you should consider before tendering Existing Notes.This announcement is not an offer to purchase for cash or a solicitation of invitations for offers to purchase for cash any Existing Notes.","SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic, May 26, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- The Dominican Republic (the "" Republic "") announced today the commencement of an offer to purchase for cash (the "" Offer "") from each holder or beneficial owner (each, a "" Holder "" and, collectively, the "" Holders "") of outstanding DOP-denominated, Dominican law-governed notes of each series listed in the table below (collectively, the "" Existing Local Notes "" and each a "" series "" of Existing Local Notes), including Existing Local Notes in the form of Global Depositary Notes (the "" Existing GDNs "" and, together with the Existing Local Notes, the "" Existing Notes "" and each, a "" series "" of Existing GDNs or Existing Notes, as applicable), issued by Citibank, N.A., as GDN depositary (the "" GDN Depositary ""), such that the total Purchase Price (as defined below) to be paid by the Republic for the outstanding principal amount of Existing Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase by the Republic pursuant to the Offer, excluding interest accrued and unpaid thereon, does not exceed a maximum amount to be determined by the Republic in its sole discretion (the "" Maximum Purchase Price ""). The terms and conditions of the Offer are set forth in the offer document dated May 26, 2021 (the "" Offer Document "").The Offer is not conditioned upon any minimum participation of any series of Existing Notes but is conditioned, among other things, on the concurrent (or earlier) closing of an issuance by the Republic of a new series of DOP-denominated, Dominican law-governed notes (the "" New Local Notes ""), in an aggregate principal amount, with pricing and on terms and conditions acceptable to the Republic in its sole discretion (the "" New Notes Offering ""). The New Notes Offering will be made solely by means of an offering memorandum relating to the offering of the New Local Notes, and neither this announcement nor the Offer Document constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy such notes.The Republic reserves the right, in its sole discretion, not to accept any valid orders to tender Existing Notes in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer ("" Tenders ""), to modify the fixed price per original DOP1,000 or US$1,000 principal amount, as applicable, indicated in the rightmost column in the table below (the "" Purchase Price "") for any or all series of Existing Notes, or to terminate the Offer for any reason. In the event of a termination of the Offer, the tendered Existing Notes will be returned to the tendering Holder.The Purchase Price plus the accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the Settlement Date (the "" Accrued Interest "") for the applicable series of Existing GDNs will be payable in U.S. dollars by converting the applicable DOP amounts to U.S. dollars based on the Representative Market Rate at the Expiration Time.If the Purchase Price for all validly tendered Existing Notes (the "" Tendered Aggregate Purchase Price "") would exceed the Maximum Purchase Price, then the Republic will, in its sole discretion, select one or more series of Existing Notes to be prorated on the basis of the same or different proration factors.Title of Existing Notes Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount as of May 25, 2021 ISIN CUSIP Purchase Price(1) 16.950% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2022 DOP 12,000,000,000.00 DO1005241125 N/A DOP1,082.44 GDNs representing 16.950% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2022(2) 144A: US25714PBN78 Reg S: US25714PBP27 144A: 25714PBN7 Reg S: 25714PBP210.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2022 DOP13,500,000,000.00 DO1005204719 N/A DOP1,042.08 GDNs representing 10.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2022(2) 144A: US25714WAE30 Reg S: XS1203837528 144A: 25714WAE3 Reg S: N/A14.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2023 DOP9,648,000,000.00 DO1005250928 N/A DOP1,127.94 GDNs representing14.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2023(2) 144A: US25714PBW77 Reg S: XS0900687681 144A: 25714PBW7 Reg S: N/A10.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due April 2023 DOP31,871,300,000.00 DO1005205914 N/A DOP1,079.48 GDNs representing 10.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due April 2023(2) 144A: US25714WBB81 Reg S: XS1597325098 144A: 25714WBB8 Reg S: N/A10.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2024 DOP10,900,000,000.00 DO1005206623 N/A DOP1,088.64 GDNs representing 10.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2024(2) 144A: US25714WBF95 Reg S: XS1936097911 144A: 25714WBF9 Reg S: N/A11.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due May 2024 DOP20,614,000,000.00 DO1005204214 N/A DOP1,133.86 GDNs representing 11.500% DOP-Denominated Notes due May 2024(2) 144A: US25714PCM86 Reg S: XS1084826483 144A: 25714PCM8 Reg S: N/A10.875% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2026 DOP20,000,000,000.00 DO1005205112 N/A DOP1,169.87 GDNs representing 10.875% DOP-Denominated Notes due January 2026(2) 144A: US25714PDK12 Reg S: XS1355504181 144A: 25714PDK1 Reg S: N/A10.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2026 DOP12,000,000,000.00 DO1005205013 N/A DOP1,132.45 GDNs representing 10.375% DOP-Denominated Notes due March 2026(2) 144A: US25714WAF05 Reg S: XS1243876551 144A: 25714WAF0 Reg S: N/A11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due November 2026 DOP20,000,000,000.00 DO1005205310 N/A DOP1,182.63 GDNs representing 11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due November 2026(2) 144A: US25714WAG87 Reg S: XS1410454406 144A: 25714WAG8 Reg S: N/A11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due December 2026 DOP16,000,000,000.00 DO1005205419 N/A DOP1,176.84 GDNs representing 11.000% DOP-Denominated Notes due December 2026(2) 144A: US25714WAL72 Reg S: XS1433115893 144A: 25714WAL7 Reg S: N/A11.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2027 DOP27,705,000,000.00 DO1005205617 N/A DOP1,184.23 GDNs representing 11.250% DOP-Denominated Notes due February 2027(2) 144A: US25714PDR64 Reg S: XS1514991048 144A: 25714PDR6 Reg S: N/A(1) Per DOP1,000 principal amount of the Existing Local Notes and Existing GDNs, in each case, validly tendered and accepted for purchase. Holders whose Existing Notes are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will also receive Accrued Interest. Holders whose Existing Local Notes are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will be paid in Dominican pesos and Holders whose Existing GDNs are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer will be paid in U.S. dollars as described in the Offer Document. (2) Issued by the GDN Depositary, and which, if accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offer, will be payable in U.S. dollars as described herein. Each Existing GDN represents DOP100,000 nominal amount of the corresponding Existing Local Notes.Holders tendering Existing Local Notes through CEVALDOM, Deposito Centralizado de Valores, S.A. ("" CEVALDOM "") may obtain a priority allocation code (the "" Priority Allocation Code "") from CEVALDOM. Holders tendering Existing GDNs may obtain a Priority Allocation Code by contacting either of the Dealer Managers, and should include their Priority Allocation Code in their ATOP or Electronic Acceptance Instruction (in each case, as defined herein). Tendering Holders who wish to subscribe for New Local Notes (including in the form of new GDNs) should include their Priority Allocation Code when subscribing for New Local Notes. The Republic will review Tenders received on or prior to the Expiration Time and may give priority to those investors tendering with Priority Allocation Code in connection with the allocation of New Local Notes. However, no assurances can be given that any Holder that tenders Existing Notes will be given an allocation of New Local Notes at the levels it may subscribe for, or at all.If the Republic accepts all or a portion of a Holder's Tender, the Holder will be entitled to receive for such Existing Notes the applicable Purchase Price plus Accrued Interest, which will be paid on the Settlement Date, if the conditions of the Offer are met.The Offer will commence on Wednesday, May 26, 2021 and the Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on Monday, June 7, 2021 (the "" Expiration Time "") unless extended or earlier terminated by the Republic in its sole discretion. Existing Notes may be validly withdrawn at any time at or prior to the Expiration Time. The settlement of validly tendered and accepted Existing Notes is expected to occur on Friday, June 11, 2021, subject to change without notice (the "" Settlement Date "").At or about 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on Tuesday, June 8, 2021, subject to change without notice, the Republic expects to announce the aggregate principal amount of Tenders of each series of Existing Notes that has been received on or prior to the Expiration Time and the Representative Market Rate on the Expiration Time.In addition, at or about 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on Wednesday, June 9, 2021, subject to change without notice, the Republic expects to announce (i) the Maximum Purchase Price; (ii) the Tendered Aggregate Purchase Price, (iii) the aggregate principal amount of Tenders of each series of Existing Notes that has been accepted; and (iv) any proration of Tenders of any series of Existing Notes.Tenders for Existing Local Notes must be submitted through a direct participant in CEVALDOM. Holders of Existing GDNs must tender Existing GDNs by requesting that the direct participant through which the Holder holds its Existing GDNs submit, at or prior to the Expiration Time, such Holder's Tender by properly instructing The Depository Trust Company ("" DTC ""), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("" Euroclear ""), or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("" Clearstream ""), as applicable, in accordance with the procedures and deadlines established by each such clearing system. Any Holder that holds Existing Notes through a custodian cannot submit an Offer directly and should instead contact its custodian to instruct the direct participant to submit a Tender on its behalf. There is no letter of transmittal or guaranteed delivery for the Offer. The acceptance of any Tenders forwarded to DTC from Euroclear or Clearstream after the Expiration Time will be in the sole discretion of the Republic.You are advised to consult with the broker, dealer, bank, custodian, trust company, or other nominee through which you hold your Existing Notes as to the deadlines by which such intermediary would require receipt of instruction from you to participate in the Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer as described in the Offer Document in order to meet the deadlines set out in the Offer Document. The deadlines set by CEVALDOM, Euroclear, Clearstream, DTC or any such intermediary for the submission of Existing Notes may be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified in the Offer Document. In particular, CEVALDOM has indicated that the deadline for tendering through its system is 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on Monday, June 7, 2021.The Offer Document may be downloaded from website of Global Bondholder Services Corporation (the "" Tender and Information Agent "") at -usa.com/dominican/ or obtained from the Tender and Information Agent or from any of the Dealer Managers at the contact information below. Questions regarding the Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers at the below contact information.The Dealer Managers for the Offer are:Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 388 Greenwich Street, Floor 7 New York, New York 10013 United States of America Attn: Liability Management Group Collect: +1 (212) 723-6106 Toll-Free: +1 (800) 558-3745 In the Dominican Republic: +1-809-473-2428 Email: [email protected] J.P. Morgan Securities LLC383 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10179United States of AmericaAttn: Latin America Debt Capital MarketsCollect: +1 (212) 834-7279Toll-Free: +1 (866) 846-2874The Tender and Information Agent for the Existing GDNs is:Global Bondholder Services Corporation65 Broadway – Suite 404New York, New York 10006United States of AmericaAttn: Corporate ActionsBanks and Brokers call: +1 (212) 430-3774Toll free +1 (866) 470-3900Email: [email protected]Offer Website: -usa.com/dominican/By facsimile:(For Eligible Institutions only):+1 (212) 430-3775/3779Confirmation:+1 (212) 430-3774By Mail: By Overnight Courier: By Hand: 65 Broadway – Suite 404 New York, New York 10006 United States of America 65 Broadway – Suite 404 New York, New York 10006 United States of America 65 Broadway – Suite 404 New York, New York 10006 United States of AmericaImportant NoticeThis announcement is for informational purposes only. It is not complete and may not contain all the information that you should consider before tendering Existing Notes. You should read the entire Offer Document.This announcement is not an offer to purchase for cash or a solicitation of invitations for offers to purchase for cash any Existing Notes. The distribution of materials relating to the Offer and the transactions contemplated thereby may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Offer is being made only by the Offer Document and in those jurisdictions where it is legal to do so. The Offer is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the Offer come into your possession, you are required to inform yourself of and to observe all of these restrictions. Each person accepting the Offer shall be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed (in respect of itself and any person for whom it is acting) that it is not a person to whom it is unlawful to make the Offer pursuant to the Offer Document, it has not distributed or forwarded the Offer Document or any other documents or materials relating to the Offer to any such person, and that it has complied with all laws and regulations applicable to it for purposes of participating in the Offer. Neither the Republic nor the Dealer Managers accepts any responsibility for any violation by any person of the restrictions applicable in any jurisdiction.The materials relating to the Offer, including this announcement, do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. This announcement and the Offering Document do not constitute an offer to buy or a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction in which the Offer is required to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and in which any Dealer Manager or any of its affiliates is so licensed, it shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliates on behalf of the Republic.SOURCE The Dominican Republic","['announces', 'notes', 's', '144a', 'purchase', 'offers', 'reg', 'republic', 'offer', 'dopdenominated', 'dominican', 'gdns', 'existing']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,PyNews API,https://uk.pcmag.com/old-media-streaming-devices/40479/the-ultimate-cord-cutters-guide,The Ultimate Cord Cutter's Guide,"Cord cutters need a hefty internet pipe to get the same quality of TV programming over the internet.You can use a TV antenna to watch live TV, sure, but this isn't the 1970s.(For more, read Hulu + Live TV vs. YouTube TV: Which Is Best for Cord Cutters?)Our Top-Rated Live TV Streaming ServicesSports Streaming ServicesSports streaming is an odd duck in this world, where much of what you see is pre-aired and recorded.But it's more likely than ever you'll be a hybrid of cord cutter and cord haver (AKA a continued cable subscriber).","Cable TV was once the ultimate entertainment necessity. Pumping hundreds of channels, many of which you never watched, into your home became the norm, and cable providers knew they had you on the hook with bundles that also included internet and phone service.But not everyone wants to pay $200+ per month for a service they're only half using, which prompted the rise of ""cord cutting,"" or doing away with traditional pay TV service and relying soley on streaming services for movies, TV shows, and live sports.According to eMarketer, more than 35.4% of households in the US will no longer use pay TV by the end of 2024, a decline spurred in part by the pandemic and its dearth of live sports.Companies like Comcast, Charter/Spectrum, and Altice are weathering the pay-TV subscriber loss easily because they also sell broadband service. Cord cutters need a hefty internet pipe to get the same quality of TV programming over the internet. If you have weak Wi-Fi, cord cutting is probably not for you.A fast pipe is just the beginning. Here's what you need to become a full-fledged cord cutter with access to (almost) everything you'd get via regular cable TV.Over-the-Air Antennas and DVRsBefore we get into the apps/hardware you need to make it as a digital cord cutter, consider what you can still get via over-the-air (OTA) broadcasts of the major networks.Major network affiliates in big cities still broadcast over the airwaves in HD—you just need an HD antenna to get the signal. Modern HD antennas don't have to be mounted on the roof or take up as much space as a satellite dish. Many are simple affairs you set up next to the TV or flat units you hang in your window. That said, powerful outdoor antennas remain a viable option.Before you jump on the antenna train, determine if OTA HD is an option for you. Visit AntennaWeb or TV Fool for a list of stations broadcasting nearby. If you can position your antenna facing the nearest broadcast transmitter, all the better. Don't be surprised if you don't get access to any stations, or to only a few. It happens.Image: Moho Leaf MetroTop-rated HDTV indoor antennas include the window-mountable Moho Leaf Metro, which plugs directly into a TV tuner. Outdoors, you could try the roof-mountable Antennas Direct ClearStream 1Max or 4Max models, with 40- and 70-mile ranges, respectively. Other antenna makers include 1byOne, Antop, and View TV.Unless you're living next door to the local broadcast tower, you will probably want signal amplification. Amps don't make the signal stronger coming in the house; they make an already-low signal strong enough for the TV tuner to use. Even some of the flat antennas have amplification options, but amplification increases the antenna cost. Setup is easy, but you'll have to play with antenna position to maximize reception—just like fiddling with rabbit ear antennas. Some outdoor antennas can work from inside, assuming they're up high—say in your attic—and there isn't a lot of obstruction.You can use a TV antenna to watch live TV, sure, but this isn't the 1970s. You need a digital video recorder (DVR) to capture shows to watch on-demand. The TiVo Edge for Antenna system has two tuners and 75 hours of recording storage for $349, but it also requires a $70 annual subscription. TiVo has some other OTA DVRs, as do companies like Tablo and Channel Master.Media Hubs and Smart TVsThere are a lot of ways to watch internet-based streaming TV as a cord cutter.Screen options include your phone, tablet, computer, or the TV itself. All are perfectly capable: just download the apps for the services you want. Big names like Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime Video, and YouTube are available on most platforms. On a PC, visit their respective websites.If you've got a decent laptop and a nice TV, an HDMI cable between them is all you need to be a cord cutter: stream on your laptop and watch on the big screen. You can also use your phone; the apps out there for casting or mirroring what you see on your iPhone or Android device to the TV are too numerous to mention.Then there's the TV itself. Leichtman Research says 80% of households in the US have a connected TV of some sort. Most modern sets are internet-connected ""smart TVs"" with apps and app stores. Use them to download most of the cord-cutting apps you'd want.Chromecast With Google TVIf you don't have a smart TV, or you hate your smart TV's interface, get a media streaming device. You may already have one in the form of a game console; Xbox and PlayStation platforms support most streaming apps (the Nintendo Switch only has Hulu, YouTube, and Funimation). Media streamers come in two other main forms: a thumb-drive-sized unit that plugs into the HDMI port on the TV or a larger hub that's more of a set-top box.Our Editors' Choice products for the small ""stick"" media hubs include the Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K. If you don't like Amazon, there's also the Chromecast with Google TV, as well as devices from Roku. Amazon and Roku have also teamed up with TV makers like Toshiba and TCL to sell TVs with their software built in, so you don't even need the stick or set-top box.Our Top-Rated Media Streaming DevicesKnow Your Cord-Cutting ServicesThe key to effective cord cuttery is being aware of what apps are available on your hardware of choice, knowing the programming on the various services, and figuring out just how much they're going to cost you. Here's a rundown.On-Demand Streaming Services(Photo by Illustration by Chesnot/Getty Images)These are the services you're used to reading about the most. They're subscription-based, let you watch whatever you want whenever you want, depending on availability, and offer original movies and series. Some originals are prestige programming, some are foreign imports, some are cheap junk—so a lot like all OTA TV.Our Top-Rated Video Streaming ServicesLive TV Streaming ServicesYouTube TVFor some services, it wasn't enough to just provide on-demand shows. They wanted to take on cable itself, by providing a cable-television subscription experience over the internet. Live TV streaming services won't necessarily give you super-granular control over content—it's not really like you pay just for the few channels or shows you really want to watch. However, they provide access to a lot of content you might not otherwise get without a cable subscription—especially news and sports. (For more, read Hulu + Live TV vs. YouTube TV: Which Is Best for Cord Cutters?)Our Top-Rated Live TV Streaming ServicesSports Streaming ServicesSports streaming is an odd duck in this world, where much of what you see is pre-aired and recorded. But fans want their sports live, and thankfully, our top live TV streaming services include excellent sports channels (fuboTV in particular, as it started with a sports focus) or as add-ons. You can also get premium sports channel add-ons on Amazon Prime Video.We still pick Hulu + Live TV as the best live-streaming option, even for sports, as it features sports from BTN, CBS, CBS Sports Network, ESPN, ESPN 2, FS1, Fox, NBC Gold, NBCSN, and more—in addition to local channels you get in your ZIP code. It's also our top pick for streaming NFL and NBA games.Our Top-Rated Sports Streaming ServicesPremium Cable With Paid Streaming ServicesHBO MaxSix years ago, the only way you could watch HBO online was by adding it to your cable subscription and tapping into HBO GO. But as the popularity of Game of Thrones exploded, HBO stepped into the 21st century and launched an online-only version of its premium channel in 2015. It has since evolved into HBO Max, and a number of other premium cable channels followed suit, from Showtime to Cinemax to Starz.Our Top-Rated Premium TV Streaming ServicesConsider the Cutting CostCord cutting has its conveniences, but will it really save you cash? Chances are slim. Especially if you want access to ALL content. For that, you need subscriptions to all of the major services. That's not cheap. And prices keep rising. Here's a pre-tax breakdown without even factoring in live TV or sports needs:That monthly total is...not insignificant.If you keep cable alone, you're not going to get access to much-discussed streaming originals like Stranger Things, The Handmaid's Tale, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, Star Trek: Discovery, The Boys, Ted Lasso, Loki, and too many more to mention. How you proceed as a cord cutter really depends on what you want to see. But it's more likely than ever you'll be a hybrid of cord cutter and cord haver (AKA a continued cable subscriber).","['streaming', 'cutters', 'live', 'antennas', 'cable', 'cord', 'need', 'services', 'antenna', 'guide', 'ultimate', 'watch', 'tv']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/38131/bny-mellon-taps-rtp-network-for-digital-bill-pay-play,BNY Mellon taps RTP network for digital bill-pay play,"BNY Mellon is taking advantage of The Clearing House's RTP network for a new real-time electronic bill and payment service.The service will let businesses present digital bills to their consumer clients in real-time and receive instant payment via the customers' preferred online and mobile banking channels.Firms can also tap real-time integrated messaging through APIs to provide instant, end-to-end straight through processing from bill-presentment to payment to reconciliation.BNY Mellon is also offering banks access for their own clients via a white-label offering.Mike Bellacosa, global head, payments and transaction services, BNY Mellon, says: ""Innovation in the bill-pay space is long overdue, and BNY Mellon’s e-bill solution is the transformative technology that will drive this change and improve the client experience.""","BNY Mellon is taking advantage of The Clearing House's RTP network for a new real-time electronic bill and payment service.The service will let businesses present digital bills to their consumer clients in real-time and receive instant payment via the customers' preferred online and mobile banking channels.Firms can also tap real-time integrated messaging through APIs to provide instant, end-to-end straight through processing from bill-presentment to payment to reconciliation. BNY Mellon is also offering banks access for their own clients via a white-label offering.Touting the benefits, the bank says that firms get higher straight through processing levels, faster collections, simplified reconciliation, increased transparency and lower costs. Customers gain greater convenience, transparency and control of their cash flow, while the environment benefits from cutting paper-based processes.Mike Bellacosa, global head, payments and transaction services, BNY Mellon, says: ""Innovation in the bill-pay space is long overdue, and BNY Mellon’s e-bill solution is the transformative technology that will drive this change and improve the client experience.""","['instant', 'mellon', 'rtp', 'billpay', 'bny', 'taps', 'reconciliation', 'processing', 'customers', 'digital', 'realtime', 'straight', 'transparency', 'network', 'play', 'payment']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Bing API,http://www.finanztreff.de/news/press-release-media-and-games-invest-plc-notice-and-agenda-of-an-annual-general-meeting/24805121,PRESS RELEASE: Media and Games Invest plc: Notice and Agenda of an Annual General Meeting,"Instructions not marked in any colour apply to all Shareholders, irrespective of the CSDthrough which the relevant Shares are held.in person attendance by theproxy) and vote on the shareholder's behalf by completing the ""Shareholder Details"" AND ""Section 2 - Proxy Form""sections of Attendance / Proxy Form (available on the Company's website at: -meeting/.Any questions sent to the Company must be accompanied by adequate proof that the sender isindeed a shareholder of the Company.For those Shareholders whose Shares are held throughEuroclear, more information on how your personal data is processed can be found in Euroclear's privacy notice at:www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.AgendaGeneral1.Confirm and re-appoint RSM Malta as Auditor of the company, and to authorise the Board of Directors to fix theirremuneration11.","25.05.2021 - 17:50 | Quelle: Dow Jones Newsw... | Lesedauer etwa 8 min. | Text vorlesen Stop Pause Fortsetzen17:5010:0011:5015:50DGAP-News: Media and Games Invest plc / Key word(s): AGM/EGMMedia and Games Invest plc: Notice and Agenda of an Annual General Meeting2021-05-25 /The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.MEDIA AND GAMES INVEST SE (SE 15)168, St Christopher Street, Valletta VLT1467, MaltaNotice and Agenda of an Annual General MeetingNOTICE is hereby given to all members of Media and Games Invest SE (the ""Company"" or ""MGI"") in terms of Article 30 ofthe Company's Articles of Association that an ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of the Company shall be held on 8 July 2021 at(CEST) at 168, St Christopher Street, Valletta, VLT 1467, Malta (the ""Meeting"")General Instructions and Record Date- As the Company's shares (""Shares"") are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Premier in Sweden and the Scalesegment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in Germany, which markets are affiliated with different central securitiesdepositories (""CSDs""), namely Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") and Clearstream Banking AG (""Clearstream"")respectively, shareholders are required to follow different procedures to participate at the Meeting (whether in personor by proxy). Shareholders whose Shares are held through Euroclear are required to follow instructions marked in RED,while shareholders whose Shares are held through Clearstream or through any other CSD are required to follow theinstructions marked in BLUE. Instructions not marked in any colour apply to all Shareholders, irrespective of the CSDthrough which the relevant Shares are held. Shareholders who hold Shares through multiple CSDs will need to follow therelevant instructions in respect of the relevant CSD through which each particular block of Shares is held.Shareholders who are unsure as to the procedures to be followed should seek the advice of their custodian/s or nominee/s.- To be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting (in person or by proxy) and for the Company to be able to determinethe number of votes that may be cast, a shareholder must be entered in the Company's register of members maintained byEuroclear, or must otherwise be indicated as a holder of Shares in the register or records maintained by Clearstream(or any other relevant CSD), as applicable, as at 8 June 2021 (the ""Record Date"").- Shareholders whose Shares are registered in the name of a custodian or nominee may be required by their respectivecustodian/s or nominee/s to temporarily re-register their Shares in their own name in the relevant register of membersin order to be entitled to attend and vote (in person or by proxy) at the Meeting. Any such re-registration would needto be effected by the Record Date. Shareholders should therefore liaise with and instruct their custodian/s or nominee/s well in advance.Instructions for Attendance (In-Person or by Proxy) and Voting- To attend and vote at the Meeting in person, shareholders are required to complete the ""Shareholder Details"" AND ""Section 1 - Attendance Form"" sections of Attendance / Proxy Form, which form is available on the Company's website at:-meeting/- A shareholder is also entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend the Meeting (i.e. in person attendance by theproxy) and vote on the shareholder's behalf by completing the ""Shareholder Details"" AND ""Section 2 - Proxy Form""sections of Attendance / Proxy Form (available on the Company's website at: -meeting/. Aproxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. Where the shareholder is an individual, the form must be signed by her/him. Where the shareholder is a corporation, the form must be signed by a duly authorised officer of the corporationand a certified copy of a certificate of registration (or similar document evidencing the signatory right of theofficer signing the form) must be submitted together with the signed form. Shareholders appointing a proxy must clearlyindicate whether the proxy is to vote as she/he wishes or in accordance with the voting instructions sheet attached tothe Attendance / Proxy Form.- Shareholders whose Shares are held through Euroclear must submit their signed Attendance / Proxy Form (and, ifapplicable certified copies of certificates of registration or similar), by no later than the Record Date, to Euroclearby mail to: Media and Games Invest SE, c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden or by e-mail toGeneralMeetingServiceeuroclear.com.- Shareholders whose Shares are held through Clearstream (or any other CSD) should consult their custodian or nomineeabout the process they must follow in order to submit their signed Attendance / Proxy Form (and, if applicablecertified copies of certificates of registration or similar) and should, in any case, ensure that their Attendance /Proxy Form is submitted to the relevant CSD by no later than the Record Date for processing and onward transmission tothe Malta Stock Exchange (as 'issuer CSD').- DUE TO COVID-19 TRAVEL AND OTHER RESTRICTIONS THAT ARE LIKELY TO BE IN PLACE AT THE TIME OF THE MEETING, SHAREHOLDERSOR THEIR PROXIES MAY BE UNABLE TO TRAVEL AND ATTEND THE MEETING IN PERSON AND/OR THE COMPANY MAY BE REQUIRED TO REFUSETHEM ENTRY IF THE NUMBER OF PERSONS AT THE MEETING EXCEEDS THE NUMBER PERMITTED BY THE MALTESE HEALTH AUTHORITIES.ACCORDINGLY, SHAREHOLDERS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED NOT TO ATTEND THE MEETING IN PERSON BUT TO, INSTEAD, VOTE ON ALLPROPOSED RESOLUTIONS IN ADVANCE BY APPOINTING THE CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING AS THEIR PROXY AND COMPLETING THE VOTINGINSTRUCTIONS SHEET ATTACHED TO THE ATTENDANCE / PROXY FORM.- The Company will be broadcasting the Meeting on its website at: -meeting/. It isimportant to note that Shareholders who choose to follow the Meeting on the Company's website will not be deemed to bepresent at the Meeting and, accordingly, will NOT be able to vote and/or speak at the Meeting and will not be countedtowards the quorum. Accordingly, any Shareholder who wishes to attend and/or vote at the Meeting must follow theinstructions set out above.- Shareholders must follow the Attendance / Proxy Form submission instructions and the deadline set out above. Note forCSDs only: Aggregated proxy data processed by Euroclear, Clearstream or any other CSD must be sent by the relevant CSDand received by the Malta Stock Exchange (as 'issuer CSD') by no later than 7 July 2021. The Company must receiveaggregated proxy data processed by the Malta Stock Exchange by e-mail at AGMregistrationmgi-se.com before the timeappointed for the Meeting and any proxy data which is not received in time shall not be treated as valid.Right to Ask QuestionsEach shareholder shall have the right to ask questions which are pertinent and related to items on the agenda of theMeeting to the Company by e-mail to questionsmgi-se.com by no later than forty-eight (48) hours before the timeappointed for the Meeting. Any questions sent to the Company must be accompanied by adequate proof that the sender isindeed a shareholder of the Company. The Company shall provide an answer to such questions (1) at the Meeting, unlessthe Company is unable to provide an immediate reply at short notice or answering such question would interfere undulywith the preparation for the meeting OR, if the questions are not answered at the Meeting, (2) on its website withinforty-eight (48) hours from the Meeting. The Company may choose to provide an overall answer to questions having thesame content. This right to ask questions shall be subject to any reasonable measures (to be determined by the Companyin its sole discretion) that the Company may take to ensure the identification of the relevant shareholder/s who havesubmitted questions to the Company.Personal DataAll information submitted by shareholders in connection with attendance notifications and proxies and asking questionswill be computerised and used exclusively for the Meeting. For those Shareholders whose Shares are held throughEuroclear, more information on how your personal data is processed can be found in Euroclear's privacy notice at:www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.AgendaGeneral1. Opening of the Meeting2. Appointment of the Chairman for the meeting3. Drawing up and approval of voting list4. Determination of quorum and whether the Meeting has been duly convened5. Approval of the agenda6. Presentation of Annual Report and the Auditor's report for the group7. Response to Questions from Shareholders (if any)Ordinary resolutions8. Consider the Auditor's Report and approve the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December20209. Declare a dividend of zero, based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors10. Confirm and re-appoint RSM Malta as Auditor of the company, and to authorise the Board of Directors to fix theirremuneration11. Other mattersOtherThe Company has 149,679,980 Ordinary A Shares in issue as of the date of this notice (one vote per share).The Auditor's Report and the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 are availablefrom the Company's website (-relations/financial-reports/).* * *25 May 2021MEDIA AND GAMES INVEST SEThe Board of DirectorsResponsible PartiesThe information in this press release has been made public through the agency of the responsible person set out belowfor publication at the time stated by MGI's news distributor EQS Newswire at the publication of this press release. Theresponsible person below may be contacted for further information.For further information, please contact:Sören BarzHead of Investor Relations+49 170 376 9571soeren.barzmgi-se.com, infomgi-se.comwww.mgi.groupJenny Rosberg, ROPA, IR contact Stockholm+46707472741Jenny.rosbergropa.se(MORE TO FOLLOW) Dow Jones NewswiresMay 25, 2021ET (GMT)","['form', 'press', 'company', 'attendance', 'proxy', 'media', 'games', 'shares', 'vote', 'general', 'annual', 'follow', 'release', 'shareholder', 'shareholders', 'plc', 'notice', 'meeting', 'invest']",2021-05-25,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"Cest mon script auto retweet quand je like un video youtube avec Iftt on YouTube: Manipulation - Clearstream, la b…",,"Cest mon script auto retweet quand je like un video youtube avec Iftt on YouTube: Manipulation - Clearstream, la b…",,2021-05-31,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,putt1ck borodino51 profdws Fox_Claire Don't be infantile. Evidence ffs. 😆Selmayr scandal. Clearstream scandal.…,,putt1ck borodino51 profdws Fox_Claire Don't be infantile. Evidence ffs. 😆Selmayr scandal. Clearstream scandal.…,,2021-05-29,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,KE0PBR You're going to have a problem pulling 100 miles. A couple friends have this one. One is outside &amp; the othe…,,KE0PBR You're going to have a problem pulling 100 miles. A couple friends have this one. One is outside &amp; the othe…,,2021-05-29,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"putt1ck borodino51 profdws Fox_Claire Yes, all fiat is debt ponzi now, yet ecb literally calls shots in EU (eg…",,"putt1ck borodino51 profdws Fox_Claire Yes, all fiat is debt ponzi now, yet ecb literally calls shots in EU (eg…",,2021-05-29,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"What are the big challenges facing the ETF market?Here is what the VP of Clearstream had to say:""With improvi…",,"What are the big challenges facing the ETF market?Here is what the VP of Clearstream had to say:""With improvi…",,2021-05-27,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"Liquidity, low fees, transparency and portfolio diversification: equities and ETFs continue to gain popularity…",,"Liquidity, low fees, transparency and portfolio diversification: equities and ETFs continue to gain popularity…",,2021-05-27,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,SoccerMomTrades Invest in CSM (I am not talking about ClearStream Energy Services Inc. ),,SoccerMomTrades Invest in CSM (I am not talking about ClearStream Energy Services Inc. ),,2021-05-27,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"Manipulation - Clearstream, la banque des banques - Ep 2/6 - Documentair... via YouTube",,"Manipulation - Clearstream, la banque des banques - Ep 2/6 - Documentair... via YouTube",,2021-05-26,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,Our Bundle Pulling services have the capability to safely &amp; efficiently pull and push bundles of any size &amp; dimensi…,,Our Bundle Pulling services have the capability to safely &amp; efficiently pull and push bundles of any size &amp; dimensi…,,2021-05-26,Euroclear
Clearstream,1,Twitter,Twitter,"BondHack Yes, bonds are different than loans here. I’m not an expert on the plumbing but it happens all the time t…",,"BondHack Yes, bonds are different than loans here. I’m not an expert on the plumbing but it happens all the time t…",,2021-05-25,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.directorstalkinterviews.com/deutsche-boerse-na-o.n.---consensus-indicates-potential--12.6-downside/412993026,DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. - Consensus Indicates ...,"with ticker code (DB1.DE) now have 18 analysts providing opinions on the stock.With the stocks previous close at €137.00 this is indicating there is a potential downside of -12.6%.Visit the company website at: -boerse.comDeutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe, the United States, and the Asia-Pacific.The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives), EEX (Commodities), 360T (Foreign Exchange), Xetra (Cash Equities), Clearstream (Post-Trading), IFS (Investment Fund Services), and Qontigo (index and analytics business).It also operates in the cash market through Xetra, BÃ¶rse Frankfurt, and Tradegate trading venues; operates as a central counterparty for equities and bonds; and provides listing services.","DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. with ticker code (DB1.DE) now have 18 analysts providing opinions on the stock. The overall opinion of which is a ‘none’. The target price ranges between €135.00 and €97. and has a mean target at €119.75. With the stocks previous close at €137.00 this is indicating there is a potential downside of -12.6%. The 50 day moving average now sits at €142.99 and the 200 day MA is €138.29. The company has a market cap of €25b. Visit the company website at: -boerse.comDeutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe, the United States, and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives), EEX (Commodities), 360T (Foreign Exchange), Xetra (Cash Equities), Clearstream (Post-Trading), IFS (Investment Fund Services), and Qontigo (index and analytics business). The company engages in the electronic trading of derivatives, electricity and gas products, emission rights, and foreign exchange; operating of Eurex Repo over the counter (OTC) trading platform and electronic clearing architecture; and operating as a central counterparty for on-and-off exchange derivatives, repo transactions, and OTC and exchange-traded derivatives. It also operates in the cash market through Xetra, BÃ¶rse Frankfurt, and Tradegate trading venues; operates as a central counterparty for equities and bonds; and provides listing services. In addition, the company offers custody and settlement services for securities; investment fund services; global securities financing services; and global securities finance and collateral management, as well as secured money, market transaction, and repos and securities lending transaction services. Further, it develops and markets indices, as well as portfolio management and risk analysis software; markets licenses for trading and market signals; provides technology and reporting solutions for external customers; and offers link-up of trading participants. Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG was founded in 1585 and is headquartered in Eschborn, Germany.","['exchange', 'derivatives', 'downside', 'securities', 'consensus', '126', 'services', 'company', 'operates', 'market', 'indicates', 'trading', 'xetra', 'bãrse', 'potential']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vaneck-lists-crypto-etps-euronext-113337688.html,VanEck Lists Crypto ETPs on Euronext Stock Exchanges in Amsterdam and Paris,"The official also says the week’s rating downgrades “have no factual basis” and are “too pessimistic.”April 29Moody’s Investor Service downgrades China Huarong by one notch to Baa1, adding the firm remains on watch for further downgrade.The cut reflects the company’s weakened funding ability due to market volatility and increased uncertainty over its future, according to the statement.April 27China Huarong units repay bonds maturing that day.Reuters reports Chinese banks have been asked not to withhold loans to Huarong.April 13Fitch and Moody’s both put the company on watch for downgrade.The finance ministry, which owns a majority of Huarong, is considering the transfer of its stake to a unit of the country’s sovereign wealth fund, Bloomberg News reports.Stock trading is suspended and spreads jump on the firm’s dollar bonds while China Huarong tells investors its business is running as usual.","Bloomberg(Bloomberg) -- It’s nearly two months since turbulence erupted around China Huarong Asset Management Co.At the end of March, its 4% perpetual dollar bond was trading at 102 cents on the dollar as investors figured the January execution of former chairman Lai Xiaomin for bribery put a line under past wayward behavior. But the failure of the company to release 2020 results by a March 31 deadline, and a subsequent report by mainland media Caixin that the firm will restructure, sparked weeks of turmoil. The same bond is now at 57 cents.The heart of the matter is whether the central government will rescue a state-owned company that’s integral to the smooth running of the financial system. While there are signs Beijing wants to ensure China Huarong can repay its debts on time, uncertainty prevails.Here’s a look at the key events for China Huarong:May 28The company has wired funds to repay $978 million of notes maturing within the following week, according to Bloomberg News, the biggest bond payment since the 2020 results delay.May 27Liang Qiang, who currently heads another bad-debt manager, is on track to become president of China Huarong, reports Bloomberg News.May 24China Huarong dollar bonds climb after the managing editor of Caixin Media wrote in an opinion piece that the asset manager is “nowhere near” defaulting on its more than $20 billion of offshore notes.May 21Some of China Huarong’s thinly traded onshore bonds slump after having held up better than the company’s dollar-denominated notes, signaling broadening concern about the firm’s financial health.May 18China Huarong has transferred funds to repay a $300 million note maturing May 20, Bloomberg News reports, the first dollar bond to come due since the delayed 2020 results. Prices for the firm’s dollar bonds slump earlier in the day after the New York Times reports China is planning an overhaul that would inflict “significant losses” on both domestic and foreign China Huarong bondholders.May 17The company has reached funding agreements with state-owned banks to ensure it can repay debt through at least the end of August, by which time China Huarong aims to have completed its 2020 financial statements, according to a Bloomberg News report. That as at least two of its onshore bonds see big price declines in recent days, worrying some investors.May 13The firm says it’s prepared to make future bond payments and has seen no change in the level of government support, seeking to ease investor concerns after a local media report that regulators balked at China Hurarong’s restructuring plan.May 6The company says it transferred funds to pay five offshore bond coupons due the following day, its latest move to meet debt obligations amid persistent doubts about its financial health.April 30China Huarong breaks its silence, with an executive telling media it is prepared to make its bond payments and state backing remains intact. The official also says the week’s rating downgrades “have no factual basis” and are “too pessimistic.”April 29Moody’s Investor Service downgrades China Huarong by one notch to Baa1, adding the firm remains on watch for further downgrade. The cut reflects the company’s weakened funding ability due to market volatility and increased uncertainty over its future, according to the statement.April 27China Huarong units repay bonds maturing that day. The S$600 million ($450 million) bond was repaid with funds provided by China’s biggest state-owned bank, according to a Bloomberg News report.April 26Fitch Ratings downgrades China Huarong by three notches to BBB while dropping the company’s perpetual bonds into junk territory. The lack of transparency over government support for the firm may hamper its ability to refinance debt in offshore markets, Fitch said.April 25China Huarong says it won’t meet an April 30 deadline to file its 2020 report with Hong Kong’s stock exchange because auditors needed more time to finalize a transaction the company first flagged on April 1. Securities and asset-management units said in the days before that they wouldn’t release 2020 results by month’s end.April 22The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission asks lenders to extend China Huarong’s upcoming loans by at least six months, according to REDD, citing two bankers from large Chinese commercial lenders.April 21China is considering a plan that would see its central bank assume more than 100 billion yuan ($15 billion) of China Huarong assets to help clean up the firm’s balance sheet, according to a Bloomberg News report. Peer China Cinda Asset Management Co. was said to be planning the sale of perpetual bonds in the second quarter.April 20China Huarong’s key offshore financing unit says it returned to profitability in the first quarter and laid a “solid” foundation for transformation. Reorg Research reports that regulators are considering options including a debt restructuring of the unit, China Huarong International Holdings Ltd.April 19Huarong Securities Co. says it wired funds to repay a 2.5 billion yuan local note.April 16The CBIRC says China Huarong’s operations are normal and that the firm has ample liquidity. These are the first official comments about the company’s troubles. Reuters reports Chinese banks have been asked not to withhold loans to Huarong.April 13Fitch and Moody’s both put the company on watch for downgrade. The finance ministry, which owns a majority of Huarong, is considering the transfer of its stake to a unit of the country’s sovereign wealth fund, Bloomberg News reports. Chinese officials signal they want failing local government financing vehicles to restructure or go bust if debts can’t be repaid.April 9China Huarong says it has been making debt payments “on time” and its operations are “normal.” Bloomberg News reports the company intends to keep Huarong International as part of a potential overhaul that would avoid the need of a debt restructuring or government recapitalization. S&P Global Ratings puts China Huarong’s credit ratings on watch for possible downgrade.April 8China Huarong is preparing to offload non-core and loss-making units as part of a broad plan to revive profitability that would avoid the need for a debt restructuring or government recapitalization, Bloomberg News reports.April 6Selling gains steam in China Huarong’s dollar bonds, following a holiday in China. Huarong Securities says there has been no major change to its operations, in response to a price plunge for its 3 billion yuan local bond.April 1China Huarong announces a delay in releasing 2020 results, saying its auditor is unable to finalize a transaction. Stock trading is suspended and spreads jump on the firm’s dollar bonds while China Huarong tells investors its business is running as usual. Caixin reports the company submitted restructuring and other major reform plans to government officials and shareholders.More stories like this are available on bloomberg.comSubscribe now to stay ahead with the most trusted business news source.©2021 Bloomberg L.P.","['vaneck', 'huarong', 'company', 'dollar', 'stock', 'lists', 'exchanges', 'amsterdam', 'paris', 'bond', 'reports', 'crypto', 'euronext', 'bloomberg', 'debt', 'etps', 'china', 'bonds', '2020']",2021-05-29,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://uk.sports.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-wohnen-se-takeover-offer-203507915.html,Deutsche Wohnen SE: Takeover Offer by Vonovia SE - Deutsche Wohnen and Vonovia sign agreement to combine both companies,"DGAP-News: Deutsche Wohnen SE / Key word(s): Mergers & Acquisitions/MergerThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Deutsche Wohnen SE and Vonovia SE today signed an agreement to combine the two companies.This corresponds to a premium of 17.9 % on the closing price of Deutsche Wohnen on May 21, 2021 and of 25.0 % on the weighted average price of Deutsche Wohnen shares over the last three months up to May 21, 2021, thus valuing Deutsche Wohnen at approx.Michael Zahn, CEO of Deutsche Wohnen: ""The market environment has become increasingly similar for Vonovia and Deutsche Wohnen in recent years.Deutsche Wohnen Deutsche Wohnen is one of the leading publicly listed residential property companies in Europe.","DGAP-News: Deutsche Wohnen SE / Key word(s): Mergers & Acquisitions/MergerThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Corporate NewsNOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION (IN WHOLE OR IN PART) IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. Takeover Offer by Vonovia SE Deutsche Wohnen and Vonovia sign agreement to combine both companies - Vonovia will launch a voluntary public takeover offer to all shareholders of Deutsche Wohnen; shareholders receive 52 euros in cash per share plus the cash dividend of 1.03 euros that is to be decided at the Annual General Meeting of Deutsche Wohnen - Key elements of transaction are agreed in the Business Combination Agreement - Executive Board and Supervisory Board of Deutsche Wohnen support the offer - Strategic challenges such as climate protection, needs-based housing and affordable housing can be addressed even more consistently together - Concrete offer to ease housing market situation in Berlin: ""Future and Social Housing Pact"" (""Zukunfts- und Sozialpakt Wohnen"")Berlin, May 24, 2021. Deutsche Wohnen SE and Vonovia SE today signed an agreement to combine the two companies. In this context, Vonovia has announced to launch a voluntary public takeover offer for all outstanding shares in Deutsche Wohnen. Shareholders receive a total of 53.03 euros, consisting of an offer price of 52.00 euros in cash per share and a cash dividend of 1.03 euros per Deutsche Wohnen share proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Deutsche Wohnen on June 1, 2021. This corresponds to a premium of 17.9 % on the closing price of Deutsche Wohnen on May 21, 2021 and of 25.0 % on the weighted average price of Deutsche Wohnen shares over the last three months up to May 21, 2021, thus valuing Deutsche Wohnen at approx. 18 billion euros (on undiluted basis). Deutsche Wohnen's Executive Board and Supervisory Board support the offer and intend to recommend its acceptance to the shareholders. In the boards' opinion, the offer reflects the intrinsic value of the Deutsche Wohnen share and includes an attractive premium. The boards of Deutsche Wohnen also welcome the strategic benefit of the combination and the added value it will generate for all parties. The combination of the two companies offers the opportunity to address the strategic challenges on the housing market even more consistently. Michael Zahn, CEO of Deutsche Wohnen: ""The market environment has become increasingly similar for Vonovia and Deutsche Wohnen in recent years. Now is the right moment to combine the proven performance and strengths of both companies. Together we will create new perspectives for our employees, our tenants and our owners."" Goals of the business combination and ""Future and Social Housing Pact"" for Berlin The business combination will create Europe's largest residential real estate group with a combined market capitalisation of currently around 45 billion euros and more than 500,000 apartments with a combined real estate value of approx. 90 billion euros. The combined company has a robust business model with a long-term focus. The necessary investments in affordable housing, climate protection and new construction can be better shouldered together following the combination of the two companies. Through the combination, Deutsche Wohnen and Vonovia aim to create a tenant-oriented and socially responsible housing company that can reliably contribute to necessary solutions, especially for the Berlin housing market, in close partnership with politics. Together, the two companies assume responsibility for a social and sustainable housing policy within a ""Future and Social Housing Pact"" with the State of Berlin: - Limitation of rent increases until 2026: Over the next three years, Deutsche Wohnen and Vonovia will limit their regular rent increases across their Berlin portfolios as a whole to a maximum of one percent per year, and in the two years thereafter only in line with inflation. In the case of modernizations for climate protection, the companies agree to go beyond the statutory requirements and the modernization allocation to a maximum of 2 euros per square meter. - Fostering new construction in Berlin: The two companies plan to push new construction in Berlin in the coming years. - Fostering housing for young families in new construction and preventing homelessness: In order to help young families with children find housing, the two companies are offering these families four-room apartments at 10 percent below the average new rent for the respective district when the apartments are newly rented. In addition, Deutsche Wohnen and Vonovia want to make an effective contribution to preventing homelessness and people losing their homes. In the long term, they will make a three-digit number of apartments in Berlin available for the prevention of homelessness. - Contribution to the expansion of the municipal housing stock: The two companies are planning a combination and offering the state to acquire a significant number of apartments from their portfolio in this context. Key Elements of the Business Combination Agreement Deutsche Wohnen and Vonovia have entered into a Business Combination Agreement which sets out the key elements of the transaction. In the event of a successful completion of the Transaction, the following shall apply: - The combined company is to operate under the name ""Vonovia SE"". - Deutsche Wohnen and Vonovia have also agreed that they will abstain from operations-related redundancies with effect from a date prior to December 31, 2023 in connection with the transaction. - The registered office of the combined company is to remain in Bochum after the merger, with the combined company being managed from Bochum and Berlin. - Michael Zahn, CEO of Deutsche Wohnen, is to be appointed Vice Chairman of the Executive Board and Philip Grosse, CFO of Deutsche Wohnen, is to be appointed Chief Financial Officer of Vonovia. Furthermore, an Executive Committee is to be formed below the Management Board, to which Henrik Thomson, CDO of Deutsche Wohnen, and Lars Urbansky, COO of Deutsche Wohnen, will belong. - After completion of the takeover offer, two persons are to be appointed to the Supervisory Board of Vonovia, upon recommendation by Deutsche Wohnen to the Supervisory Board of Vonovia prior to completion of the transaction. Furthermore, Michael Zahn and Helene von Roeder, CFO of Vonovia, are to become members of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Wohnen. Key Elements of the Takeover Offer by Vonovia In June 2021, Vonovia intends to submit to the shareholders of Deutsche Wohnen a takeover offer in cash for all outstanding shares. Shareholders receive a total of 53.03 euros, consisting of an offer price of 52.00 euros in cash per share and a cash dividend of 1.03 euros per Deutsche Wohnen share proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Deutsche Wohnen on June 1, 2021. This corresponds to a premium of 17.9 % on the closing price of Deutsche Wohnen on May 21, 2021 and of 25.0 % on the weighted average price of the Deutsche Wohnen share over the last three months up to May 21, 2021. The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of Deutsche Wohnen welcome the planned takeover offer of Vonovia and - subject to the review of the final offer document - intend to support it and to recommend its acceptance to the shareholders. Furthermore, the members of the management board and the supervisory board intend to tender the Deutsche Wohnen shares held by them as part of the planned takeover offer. According to Vonovia, the takeover offer is expected to be completed by the end of August. The planned takeover offer is subject to a minimum acceptance threshold of 50 % of the outstanding shares of Deutsche Wohnen, the granting of merger control clearance and other customary closing conditions. The offer document and further information relating to the takeover offer will be made available by Vonovia on its website. Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan and UBS act as financial advisors to Deutsche Wohnen, Sullivan & Cromwell acts as legal advisor. *** Important Notice This announcement is for information purposes only and neither constitutes an invitation to sell, nor an offer to purchase, securities of Deutsche Wohnen SE. The final terms and further provisions regarding the public takeover offer will be disclosed in the offer document after its publication has been approved by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). To the extent legally permissible, the final terms and conditions of the public takeover offer may deviate from the basic information described herein. Investors and holders of securities of Deutsche Wohnen SE are strongly recommended to read the offer document and all announcements in connection with the public takeover offer as soon as they are published, since they contain or will contain important information. The offer will be made exclusively under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, especially under the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz - WpÜG), and certain provisions of the securities laws of the United States of America applicable to cross-border tender offers. The offer will not be executed according to the provisions of jurisdictions other than those of the Federal Republic of Germany or the United States of America (to the extent applicable). Thus, no other announcements, registrations, admissions or approvals of the offer outside of the Federal Republic of Germany have been filed, arranged for or granted. Investors in, and holders of, securities in Deutsche Wohnen SE cannot rely on having recourse to provisions for the protection of investors in any jurisdiction other than the provisions of the Federal Republic of Germany or the United States of America (to the extent applicable). Subject to the exceptions described in the offer document as well as any exemptions that may be granted by the relevant regulators, a public takeover offer will not be made, neither directly nor indirectly, in jurisdictions where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws of such jurisdiction. Deutsche Wohnen SE understands that Vonovia SE (the ""Bidder"") reserves the right, to the extent legally permitted, to directly or indirectly acquire further shares outside the offer on or off the stock exchange. If such further acquisitions take place, information about such acquisitions, stating the number of shares of Deutsche Wohnen SE acquired or to be acquired and the consideration paid or agreed on, will be published without undue delay. To the extent any announcements in this document contain forward-looking statements, such statements do not represent facts and are characterized by the words ""will"", ""expect"", ""believe"", ""estimate"", ""intend"", ""aim"", ""assume"" or similar expressions. Such statements express the intentions, opinions or current expectations and assumptions of Deutsche Wohnen SE and/or the Bidder. Such forward-looking statements are based on current plans, estimates and forecasts, which Deutsche Wohnen SE and/or the Bidder have made to the best of their knowledge, but which they do not claim to be correct in the future. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and usually cannot be influenced by Deutsche Wohnen SE and/or the Bidder. These expectations and forward-looking statements can turn out to be incorrect and the actual events or consequences may differ materially from those contained in or expressed by such forward-looking statements. Deutsche Wohnen SE and/or the Bidder do not assume an obligation to update the forward-looking statements with respect to the actual development or incidents, basic conditions, assumptions or other factors.Deutsche Wohnen Deutsche Wohnen is one of the leading publicly listed residential property companies in Europe. The business focus of the company is on managing its own portfolio of residential properties in dynamic metropolitan regions and conurbations in Germany. Deutsche Wohnen sees itself as having both a social responsibility and a duty to maintain and newly develop good-quality and affordable housing in vibrant residential neighbourhoods. As of 31 March 2021, the portfolio comprised a total of around 157,500 units, of which 154,600 were residential and 2,900 commercial units. Deutsche Wohnen SE is listed in the Deutsche Börse's DAX and is also included in the leading indices EPRA/NAREIT, STOXX Europe 600, GPR 250 and DAX 50 ESG.Contact:Phone +49 (0)30 897 86-5413Fax +49 (0)30 897 86-5419irdeutsche-wohnen.com24.05.2021 Dissemination of a Corporate News, transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements, Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.dgap.de","['deutsche', 'vonovia', 'agreement', 'se', 'takeover', 'board', 'euros', 'offer', 'combine', 'sign', 'wohnen', 'housing', 'companies']",2021-05-25,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.etfstrategy.com/blackrock-launches-low-carbon-dax-esg-etf-ishares-dax-esg-ucits-etf-exia-deutsche-borse-xetra-49484/,BlackRock launches low carbon DAX ESG ETF,"BlackRock has launched a new German equity ETF in Europe which targets a risk profile comparable to the regular DAX index while simultaneously lowering carbon intensity and boosting ESG performance.The iShares DAX ESG UCITS ETF (EXIA GR) has listed on Deutsche Börse and is tradable in euros.Dirk Schmitz, Country Head Germany, Austria, and Eastern Europe at BlackRock, said: “Since 1988, the DAX Index is tracking an essential part of the German economy, making it one of the leading price barometers.In this respect, the iShares DAX ESG UCITS ETF reflects the strength of a large part of the German economy as well as the global economy.Funds in Europe include the €5m CSIF (IE) DAX 50 ESG Blue UCITS ETF (CSYX GR), which comes with an expense ratio of 0.12%; the €130m Lyxor 1 DAX 50 ESG UCITS ETF (E909 GY), which has an expense ratio of 0.15%; and the €5m Amundi DAX 50 ESG UCITS ETF (DECD GY), which costs 0.19%.","BlackRock has launched a new German equity ETF in Europe which targets a risk profile comparable to the regular DAX index while simultaneously lowering carbon intensity and boosting ESG performance.The iShares DAX ESG UCITS ETF (EXIA GR) has listed on Deutsche Börse and is tradable in euros.The fund is the first on the continent to track the DAX ESG Target Index which begins its construction process from the universe of the DAX – the most widely followed benchmark for German equities, consisting of 30 of the largest and most important companies listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.Companies with business operations linked to weapons, nuclear power, thermal coal, military contracting, tobacco, and oil sands are removed.The methodology then looks to the HDAX Index – comprising companies in the large-cap DAX, the mid-cap MDAX, and the technology-focused TecDAX indices – and selects stocks in order to bring the total number of index constituents back up to 30. HDAX stocks selected for inclusion will be those that rank highest based on market capitalization and broad ESG score provided by Sustainalytics.The index then uses an optimization process to weight securities so as to achieve three objectives: maximize the portfolio ESG score, reduce total carbon intensity by 30%, and limit tracking error versus the DAX to 1.5%. Individual securities are capped at 10%, and the index is rebalanced on a quarterly basis.The fund comes with an expense ratio of 0.12%.Dirk Schmitz, Country Head Germany, Austria, and Eastern Europe at BlackRock, said: “Since 1988, the DAX Index is tracking an essential part of the German economy, making it one of the leading price barometers. Many DAX companies do business on an international level. This means that in addition to their roots in the domestic market, they are also closely linked to the global economy. In this respect, the iShares DAX ESG UCITS ETF reflects the strength of a large part of the German economy as well as the global economy. This makes it interesting for domestic and international investors. A sustainable and, therefore, forward-looking approach is aligned with our clients’ long-term goals.”Stephan Flaegel, Chief Product Officer, Indices and Benchmarks at Qontigo, added: “Earlier this month, the German federal government announced a new green financing strategy to steer capital towards environmental projects and develop Germany into a major hub for sustainable finance. Germany is taking a leading position on the global stage with a strong trend towards sustainable investing. The DAX ESG Target Index is an innovative solution that represents the German market, made possible by the combination of analytics and indexing that is at the core of our approach at Qontigo. At Qontigo, we aim to provide our clients with building blocks to optimize impact for sustainable portfolios by offering choice to reflect their unique sustainability preferences.”ESG-aware investors seeking German equity exposure may also wish to consider ETFs linked to the DAX 50 ESG Index which consists of 50 stocks selected from the HDAX universe based on ESG score, trading volume, and market capitalization. Funds in Europe include the €5m CSIF (IE) DAX 50 ESG Blue UCITS ETF (CSYX GR), which comes with an expense ratio of 0.12%; the €130m Lyxor 1 DAX 50 ESG UCITS ETF (E909 GY), which has an expense ratio of 0.15%; and the €5m Amundi DAX 50 ESG UCITS ETF (DECD GY), which costs 0.19%.","['launches', 'ucits', 'sustainable', 'esg', '50', 'low', 'economy', 'carbon', 'german', 'index', 'market', 'blackrock', 'etf', 'dax']",2021-05-26,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/lgim-launches-europe-s-first-digital-payments-etf/,LGIM launches Europe's first digital payments ETF,"LGIM launches Europe’s first digital payments ETFLegal & General Investment Management (LGIM) has launched a digital payments ETF targeting the accelerated adoption of fintech services during the pandemic.The L&G Digital Payments UCITS ETF (PDAY) is listed on the London Stock Exchange, Deutsche Boerse and Borsa Italiana with a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.49%.PDAY uses research and consultancy from Payments Cards & Mobile to sift through 150 companies in the digital payments value chain.After launching Europe's first hydrogen ETF in February, it unveiled a global equity fund based on ETFs targeting eight investment themes in April.The latest launch takes the firm's thematic ETF range to 11:","LGIM launches Europe’s first digital payments ETFLegal & General Investment Management (LGIM) has launched a digital payments ETF targeting the accelerated adoption of fintech services during the pandemic.The L&G Digital Payments UCITS ETF (PDAY) is listed on the London Stock Exchange, Deutsche Boerse and Borsa Italiana with a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.49%.Tracking the Solactive Digital Payments index, PDAY offers exposure to the cashless economy theme by investing in payment and card issuers, payment gateways and processors, payment technology providers and card-less payment service providers.To be eligible for inclusion in the ETF, a company must have a minimum market cap of $200m and a three-month average trading volume of $1m.PDAY uses research and consultancy from Payments Cards & Mobile to sift through 150 companies in the digital payments value chain.LGIM also noted PDAY’s business involvement is supportive of the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals, with growth of industry, innovation and economies buoyed by the expansion of digital payments infrastructure.Howie Li (pictured), head of ETFs at LGIM, commented: “The digital payments revolution offers significant growth potential, underpinned by secular, long-term dynamics including the global shift to e-commerce, greater adoption of smartphones in emerging markets and developing safe, secure online payments.James Crossley, head of UK retail sales at LGIM, added: “We are seeing sustained demand from investors for targeted exposure to the long-term, structural trends that are changing our world.”LGIM has been making a big push in thematic ETFs space this year. After launching Europe's first hydrogen ETF in February, it unveiled a global equity fund based on ETFs targeting eight investment themes in April.The latest launch takes the firm's thematic ETF range to 11:","['launches', 'pday', 'thematic', 'etfs', 'offers', 'etf', 'payments', 'targeting', 'digital', 'europes', 'lgim', 'payment']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/new-york-could-profit-brexit-tussle-over-euro-derivatives-2021-05-27/,Analysis: New York could profit from Brexit tussle over euro derivatives,"Whilst employing a relatively small number of people, euro clearing is a central cog in European financial markets so EU policymakers argue they should have full oversight of it.LCH accounts for over 90% of global clearing in euro interest rate swaps and says it is already supervised by the EU.The global euro swaps market totals 100 trillion euros in notional outstanding, with LCH making up 80% and Eurex 20%.""We are in favour of a market-driven alternative for clearing euro swaps within the EU,"" Eurex Clearing board member Matthias Graulich said.Eurex clears swaps and other products in euro, while LCH clears swaps in multiple currencies, making relocation harder.","A street sign is seen in front of the New York Stock Exchange on Wall Street in New York, February 10, 2009. REUTERS/Eric Thayer/File PhotoA hasty shift in euro-denominated derivatives clearing from London to Frankfurt to meet European Union post-Brexit demands may drive business to New York and shackle the 27-member bloc's capital market, banks warn.The future of where euro derivatives are cleared for customers in the bloc became a focal point in the Brexit debate, with EU politicians keen to wrest control of the 100 trillion euro ($122 trillion) market away from the City of London after Britain quit the EU.Whilst employing a relatively small number of people, euro clearing is a central cog in European financial markets so EU policymakers argue they should have full oversight of it.The bloc's executive European Commission is studying ""technical issues"" raised by moving business worth trillions of euros from London Stock Exchange's (LSEG.L) LCH clearing platform to Deutsche Boerse's (DB1Gn.DE) Eurex in Germany.New York has already benefited from Brexit after most trading in euro derivatives in London left for the EU and SEF platforms in the United States following Britain's full departure on Dec. 31 2020. read moreBrussels is now targeting clearing, which ensures a transaction is completed even if one side of the deal goes bust, and the United States could end up grabbing business here too.LCH accounts for over 90% of global clearing in euro interest rate swaps and says it is already supervised by the EU.But the LSE unit only has permission to serve EU customers until June 2022 and industry officials say a shift in some euro clearing from London is now inevitable.Although the European Commission said in January it would issue ""recommendations"" by mid-2021, it is now unlikely to be made public, a source familiar with the situation said.The LSE has said that LCH members don't want to split the market by moving clearing from London.""If you want to build up liquidity in the EU, we think it should be voluntary, market driven and happen over time,"" said Bruce Savage, head of the Futures Industry Association in Europe.Albert Menkveld, professor of finance at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, has estimated that fragmenting euro rate swaps clearing would cost users of LCH at least 2 million euros a day in extra collateral from needing two clearers.Banks have begun discussing how such an unprecedented shift could be done smoothly and for which products, industry sources say. Some banks insist it should be up to clients to decide where they clear.""Banks want to move just the amount needed so that LCH gets some form of permanent access to the EU from June next year, and EU banks maintain access to a global pool of clearing business,"" one senior industry source said.MULTI-CURRENCYOnly a quarter of euro swaps clearing at LCH have an EU counterparty over which EU regulators have direct influence, leaving most of the global market in London.The global euro swaps market totals 100 trillion euros in notional outstanding, with LCH making up 80% and Eurex 20%. The German operator has been targeting a 25% stake.""We are in favour of a market-driven alternative for clearing euro swaps within the EU,"" Eurex Clearing board member Matthias Graulich said.Relocation involves closing a position in London and opening a new one in Frankfurt, a complex process that has never been undertaken on the scale envisaged.""There is no first mover advantage as the first mover won't get better prices,"" industry sources said.Eurex clears swaps and other products in euro, while LCH clears swaps in multiple currencies, making relocation harder.EU pension funds with business predominantly in euros might be more willing to relocate clearing, but many of LCH's EU customers clear more in dollar swaps than in euro swaps, meaning they need multi-currency clearing, industry sources say.""Our approach is to offer a full-service portfolio focused on the euro across fixed income futures, swaps and repos. This is different from LCH,"" Graulich said.Relocation could be further complicated if the EU narrowed LCH access to the bloc after June 2022 to clearing only non-euro swaps, and the EU's securities watchdog ESMA is studying if there should be forced relocation of euro swaps clearing.ESMA said it aimed to complete the assessment well in advance of the June 2022 deadline.""Relocation of euro derivatives clearing by regulatory mandate would result in negative financial, commercial, operational and risk implications for market participants and place EU firms at a competitive disadvantage,"" FIA's Savage said.Unable to reap savings from clearing in multiple currencies in London, EU customers could turn to the CME in the United States, which has long-term EU permission to serve customers from the bloc.""For some EU buyside customers with multi-currency positions, they would be more likely to shift positions to New York than to the EU,"" a senior industry official said.Should clearing business move to the United States, the EU would have even less oversight of the activity, said Scott O'Malia, CEO of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association.CME declined to comment.LCH must serve three months' notice to customers to shift euro positions from London if Brussels refuses to renew access from next June, meaning the clock is ticking.""It's not terribly clear where this is going to go,"" said Katharine Braddick, head of financial services at Britain's finance ministry.($1 = 0.8195 euros)Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.","['eu', 'tussle', 'profit', 'lch', 'analysis', 'customers', 'swaps', 'business', 'brexit', 'market', 'euro', 'york', 'industry', 'clearing', 'derivatives', 'london']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.barrons.com/articles/this-stock-exchange-rival-to-london-and-paris-has-short-and-long-term-potential-says-ubs-heres-why-51621863140,"Stock Exchange Rival to London Has Potential for Growth, Says UBS. Here’s Why.","Looking ahead. UBS said that Euronext is its preferred exposure to European exchanges—above the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse, which ...","Looking ahead. UBS said that Euronext is its preferred exposure to European exchanges—above the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse, which ...",,2021-05-25,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.finews.com/news/english-news/46460-ubs-axel-weber-deutsche-bank-supervisory-board-succession,UBS Overseer Axel Weber: Germany Calling,"Deutsche Bank's long-standing overseer steps down next year, sparking speculation around UBS' Axel Weber.In an unusual setup, both UBS and Deutsche Bank – the national champions of Switzerland Germany, respectively – are both poised to elect a new overseer next year.Both Axel Weber at the Swiss bank and Paul Achleitner in Frankfurt will have been in the role for ten years.Unconsummated AdvancesWeber's release at UBS registered in Germany: his name circulated as a potential replacement for Achleitner in German media reports.There is one weighty argument against it: Weber has earned up to 6 million Swiss francs ($6.7 million) annually as full-time chairman of UBS.","Deutsche Bank's long-standing overseer steps down next year, sparking speculation around UBS' Axel Weber. The former Bundesbanker enjoys an excellent reputation in Germany.In an unusual setup, both UBS and Deutsche Bank – the national champions of Switzerland Germany, respectively – are both poised to elect a new overseer next year. Both Axel Weber at the Swiss bank and Paul Achleitner in Frankfurt will have been in the role for ten years.While the succession carousel is in full tilt in Germany, UBS's process has been accompanied by far less noise. The Swiss wealth manager said in March that Weber's succession is planned for next spring. The search for his replacement is led by Jeremy Anderson, UBS' vice-chairman, and involves CEO Ralph Hamers.Unconsummated AdvancesWeber's release at UBS registered in Germany: his name circulated as a potential replacement for Achleitner in German media reports. It isn't the first time the German native has been touted.Ex-Deutsche Bank CEO Josef Ackermann wanted Weber to replace him as CEO back in 2013, a role the former central banker diplomatically eschewed. But Weber's name surfaced in Frankfurt banking circles again in 2018, when Achleitner dumped John Cryan as CEO in favor of Christian Sewing.Little Indication Of PlansAs the former head of Germany's Bundesbank (as well as a rare German who is hugely eloquent in both his native language as well as in English), Weber enjoys an excellent reputation at home. Achleitner however seems to have laid the groundwork for his succession with new board directors.Theodor Weimer appears to be the favorite for now – but would have to give up his current job running Deutsche Boerse. By contrast, Weber could still be nominated, though it isn't clear he wants to be.Weber has expressed little inclination thus far, people close to him told finews.com. A spokesman for UBS didn't comment and referred to the excerpt on succession in its most recent annual report.Wangling For More Time?In fact, the immediate question around the 64-year-old economist's future is whether he will, in fact, exit next spring. A Swiss outlet traditionally used by UBS' C-suite to air its views last month reported that Weber might add two years to his tenure.Weber may overstep term limits because the ongoing search has yet to turn up a viable candidate who can get into the job in time, but also because Hamers is under pressure in a revived Dutch money laundering probe during his previous tenure running ING.Hand Over An Ordered HouseWeber, it is clear from within UBS, wants to leave a clean slate for his successor next year. A criminal probe into the company's CEO for alleged money laundering doesn't sit well with that intention.Hamers aside, UBS is awaiting the ruling on its appeal of a key legal issue – its French criminal trial – and it also still on the hook in the U.S. for allegedly mis-selling mortgage securities (RMBS) in the run-up to the 2008/09 financial crisis. Credit Suisse paid more than $5 billion four years ago in a similar probe.UBS-Archegos OvershadowedA more than $800 million loss for UBS from dealings with U.S. family office-hedge fund Archegos should have posed another major problem for Weber – if not for crosstown rival Credit Suisse, which lost $4.7 billion, overshadowing the larger bank's problems.While Credit Suisse top executives including investment banking chief Brian Chin, risk boss Lara Warner, and board risk overseer Andreas Gottschling stepped down, UBS has taken no notable personnel measures as a result of its Archegos exposure. Where Credit Suisse is investigating, UBS is reviewing the events.German Merits, Not MillionsWhen Weber turns 65 next year, he is at the ideal age and stage in his career to take on another prestigious job. A German homecoming would be tempting – especially as Deutsche Bank is slowly showing the fruits of its years-long turnaround.There is one weighty argument against it: Weber has earned up to 6 million Swiss francs ($6.7 million) annually as full-time chairman of UBS. Achleitner topped out at 900,000 euros ($1.1 million). For Weber to take a 84 percent pay cut for the exact same level of responsibility is extremely unlikely.","['deutsche', 'weber', 'swiss', 'ceo', 'germany', 'achleitner', 'million', 'german', 'suisse', 'calling', 'overseer', 'ubs', 'succession', 'axel']",2021-05-31,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://www.newswire.ca/news-releases/fairx-announces-new-futures-exchange-for-retail-investors-843487385.html,FairX Announces New Futures Exchange for Retail Investors,"Nodal Clear, part of EEX Group, which is in turn part of Deutsche Börse Group, will provide clearing services to FairX. Launching in June, FairX will offer low-cost ...","Nodal Clear, part of EEX Group, which is in turn part of Deutsche Börse Group, will provide clearing services to FairX. Launching in June, FairX will offer low-cost ...",,2021-05-27,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Google API,https://citywireselector.com/news/lgim-bolsters-thematics-range-with-digital-payments-etf/a1513198,LGIM bolsters thematics range with digital payments ETF,,,[],2021-05-28,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://www.barrons.com/articles/this-stock-exchange-rival-to-london-and-paris-has-short-and-long-term-potential-says-ubs-heres-why-51621863140,"This Stock Exchange Rival to London and Paris Has Short- and Long-Term Potential, Says UBS. Here’s Why.","Euronext operates stock exchanges in cities including Amsterdam and Paris, and completed its acquisition of Italy's Borsa Italiana last month.","The completed acquisition of Borsa Italiana by stock exchange group Euronext could be a source of short- and long-term growth opportunities, and boost the stock by more than 15%, Swiss bank UBS … [+2853 chars]",,2021-05-24,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/first-france-crypto-currency-sector-190000565.html,A First In France In The Crypto-Currency Sector: Euronext Paris Welcomes ETPs On Bitcoin And Ethereum From Swiss Pioneered Led Crypto Issuer 21Shares,"As well as Paris, various other European regulated exchanges have welcomed 21Shares' crypto ETPs.Instead, they can access an ETP following the daily performance of Bitcoin, daily inverse Bitcoin or Ethereum.Investors can invest in cryptocurrencies using a conventional ETP structure (or tracker) easily, with total confidence and security and cost-effectively thanks to the 21Shares suite of ETPs now composed of 14 Crypto ETPs : the 21Shares Crypto Basket Index ETP (HODL:SW), 21Shares Bitcoin (ABTC:SW | 21XB:GY), 21Shares Ethereum (AETH:SW), 21Shares XRP (AXRP:SW | 21XX:GR), 21Shares Bitcoin Cash ETP (ABCH:SW), 21Shares Binance ETP (ABNB:SW), 21Shares Tezos ETP (AXTZ:SW), 21shares Bitcoin Suisse ETP (ABBA:SW), 21Shares Bitwise 10 ETP (KEYS:SW), Sygnum Platform Winners Index ETP (MOON:SW), 21Shares Short Bitcoin ETP (SBTC:SW | 21XS:GY), 21Shares Polkadot ETP (ADOT:SW | PDOT:GR), 21Shares Stellar ETP (AXLM SW | XLME GR) and 21Shares Cardano ETP (AADA SW | DADA GY).21Shares has 14 crypto ETPs listed today and has over $1.4 Bn in AuM in total listed products.This document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of 21Shares AG.","A major step for the pan-European market operator and French investorsParis | Zurich, 28 Mai 2021 - 21Shares, the world's most expansive issuer of cryptocurrency ETPs, is admitting to listing three of its ETPs namely on Bitcoin and Ethereum and the short Bitcoin on the regulated market of Euronext Paris on Tuesday, June 1st.21Shares, a Swiss pioneering issuer of crypto ETPs, is assisting a first in France: the listing of liquid, secure, 100% collateralised financial products backed by the two ""stars"" of the new crypto-currency asset class, Bitcoin and Ethereum (respectively +39.53% and +265.37% since 1 January 2021). Since it's world first product launch in November 2018 ( crypto basket HODL ETP), 21Shares has continued to build its unique expertise in the cryptoasset industry, and has made available to investors the largest and most diversified range of crypto trackers in the world, consisting of 14 ETPs and providing research and educational materials on www.21shares.com.As well as Paris, various other European regulated exchanges have welcomed 21Shares' crypto ETPs.Investors can benefit from exposure to crypto-currencies without being held back either by the complex storage process or by the regulatory constraints that apply to crypto asset trading applications. Instead, they can access an ETP following the daily performance of Bitcoin, daily inverse Bitcoin or Ethereum. The latter have performed spectacularly well and have been very popular with institutional investors.This new development salutes France's support for blockchain, in particular the efforts of the regulatory authorities to promote the blockchain, fintech and cryptocurrency industry in France recently discussed by French media and the French government.Laurent Kssis, Managing Director of 21Shares' ETP business, said: ""We are delighted to offer to French investors products that have proven themselves in other European markets where we have listed them in Switzerland, Germany and Austria so far and have gained support due to their institutional grade structures and assets growth. These conventional ETPs will allow investors to diversify their portfolios by adding assets that we believed in before many others, and that we believe are essential in successful portfolio allocation. ""Story continuesOphelia Snyder, co-founder and president of 21Shares, added: ""June 1 is a milestone for 21Shares, for investors and for France, a country that our French-speaking teams know very well and that we value. We welcome Euronext's leadership in promoting access to this new asset class using 21Shares under the best conditions of accessibility, transparency and cost. ""- Ends -Media relations21Shares | Laurent Kssis | +41 44 260 86 60 | press21Shares.comAbout 21Shares -  makes investing in crypto assets as easy as buying shares using your conventional broker or bank. Investors can invest in cryptocurrencies using a conventional ETP structure (or tracker) easily, with total confidence and security and cost-effectively thanks to the 21Shares suite of ETPs now composed of 14 Crypto ETPs : the 21Shares Crypto Basket Index ETP (HODL:SW), 21Shares Bitcoin (ABTC:SW | 21XB:GY), 21Shares Ethereum (AETH:SW), 21Shares XRP (AXRP:SW | 21XX:GR), 21Shares Bitcoin Cash ETP (ABCH:SW), 21Shares Binance ETP (ABNB:SW), 21Shares Tezos ETP (AXTZ:SW), 21shares Bitcoin Suisse ETP (ABBA:SW), 21Shares Bitwise 10 ETP (KEYS:SW), Sygnum Platform Winners Index ETP (MOON:SW), 21Shares Short Bitcoin ETP (SBTC:SW | 21XS:GY), 21Shares Polkadot ETP (ADOT:SW | PDOT:GR), 21Shares Stellar ETP (AXLM SW | XLME GR) and 21Shares Cardano ETP (AADA SW | DADA GY). The entire suite is listed on a regulated framework on the official market of Deutsche Boerse, SIX Swiss Exchange, BX Swiss and some on Börse Stuttgart in CHF, USD, GBP and EUR respectively. Founded in 2018, 21Shares is led by a team of talented serial entrepreneurs and experienced banking professionals from the technology and financial world. Incorporated in Zug, with offices in Zurich and New York, the company has launched several world firsts, including the first listed crypto basket index (HODL) ETP in November 2018. 21Shares has 14 crypto ETPs listed today and has over $1.4 Bn in AuM in total listed products.DisclaimerThis document and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into (directly or indirectly) the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan or any other jurisdiction in which the distribution or release would be unlawful. This document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in or into the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan. This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities in the United States. The securities of 21Shares AG to which these materials relate have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ""Securities Act""), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will not be a public offering of securities in the United States.This document is only being distributed to and is only directed at: (i) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order""); or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""); or (iv) persons who fall within Article 43(2) of the Order, including existing members and creditors of the Company or (v) any other persons to whom this document can be lawfully distributed in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply. The Securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. In any EEA Member State (other than the Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden) that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State, the ""Prospectus Regulation"") this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Exclusively for potential investors in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) is made available on the Issuer’s website under www.21Shares.com. The approval of the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) should not be understood as an endorsement by the SFSA of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. Eligible potential investors should read the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) and the relevant Final Terms before making an investment decision in order to understand the potential risks associated with the decision to invest in the securities. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand. This document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of 21Shares AG. Neither this document nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction. This document constitutes advertisement within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act and not a prospectus. Copies of the current Base Prospectus dated 13 November 2020 are available free of charge from the website of the Issuer. Subject to applicable securities laws, the Base Prospectus and the final terms of any product mentioned herein can be obtained from 21Shares AG on the website. Copies of this document may not be sent to jurisdictions, or distributed in or sent from jurisdictions, in which this is barred or prohibited by law. The information contained herein does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any jurisdiction.","['france', 'sector', 'investors', 'securities', 'prospectus', 'pioneered', 'document', 'bitcoin', 'paris', 'welcomes', '21shares', 'crypto', 'etp', 'euronext', 'issuer', 'etps', 'swiss', 'offer', 'led']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/21shares-etps-reaches-record-primary-060000750.html,21Shares ETPs Reaches Record Primary And Secondary Exchange Volumes,"Hany Rashwan, CEO of 21Shares reported “These impressive volumes demonstrate the quality of our ETPs which since we launched the 1st crypto basket in November 2018 and subsequent bitcoin ETP, 21Shares continues to operate seamlessly in the primary and secondary markets even during the most volatile periods.Investors can invest in cryptocurrencies using a conventional ETP structure (or tracker) easily, with total confidence and security and cost-effectively thanks to the 21Shares suite of ETPs now composed of 14 Crypto ETPs : the 21Shares Crypto Basket Index ETP (HODL:SW), 21Shares Bitcoin (ABTC:SW | 21XB:GY), 21Shares Ethereum (AETH:SW), 21Shares XRP (AXRP:SW | 21XX:GR), 21Shares Bitcoin Cash ETP (ABCH:SW), 21Shares Binance ETP (ABNB:SW), 21Shares Tezos ETP (AXTZ:SW), 21shares Bitcoin Suisse ETP (ABBA:SW), 21Shares Bitwise 10 ETP (KEYS:SW), Sygnum Platform Winners Index ETP (MOON:SW), 21Shares Short Bitcoin ETP (SBTC:SW | 21XS:GY), 21Shares Polkadot ETP (ADOT:SW | PDOT:GR), 21Shares Stellar ETP (AXLM SW | XLME GR) and 21Shares Cardano ETP (AADA SW | DADA GR).21Shares has 14 crypto ETPs listed today and has over $1.50 Bn in AuM in total listed products.This document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in or into the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan.This document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of 21Shares AG.","Amidst high market volatility, Europe’s largest crypto ETF issuer sees over $100M in trading volume as investors embrace the crypto dipZurich, 25 May 2021 - 21Shares AG, the Swiss pioneering issuer is pleased to announce that its Exchange Traded Products (“ETPs”) reached new record on and off exchange volumes on Wednesday, May 19, 2021.With more than $110M in 21Shares’s ETPs changing hands on a single day with significant market volatility, it had the highest volume traded on the Zurich Six Exchange where the Issuer reached close to $2bn in Assets under Management early in the week as cryptocurrency markets reached market capitalisation as high as $2.5trillions in very volatile conditions.These record highs marked a new milestone for 21Shares. The previous record high was in February 2021 with $52M traded on a single day. 21Shares faced several larger than normal primary orders during that period of volatility where its primary market team had no hesitation in processing higher than usual orders with its Authorised Participants (""AP""), subsequently resulting in no delays and concerns as well as no tracking errors for its listed ETPs. On its own, this is a test that 21Shares’ processes and systems function seamlessly and clients will feel no trading interrupting despite these tricky conditions.Ethereum exposure under the AETH investment ETP continues to see net inflows and is by far the most notable ETP AuM growth and stands currently as the second highest product in its range of ETPs. This reflects increased investor interest in a wider range of digital assets beyond just bitcoin as 21Shares remains the only issuer with such a large range of crypto ETPs and growing levels of participation in this market.Hany Rashwan, CEO of 21Shares reported “These impressive volumes demonstrate the quality of our ETPs which since we launched the 1st crypto basket in November 2018 and subsequent bitcoin ETP, 21Shares continues to operate seamlessly in the primary and secondary markets even during the most volatile periods. This reflect on the trust in our institutional based clients in allocating more exposure to our open ended products during difficult market conditions. “Story continues21Shares is celebrating close to 3 years of successful operation and during this time has set the standard for quality and transparency offered to investors to which it has achieved several first milestones:November 2018 : 21Shares lists the world’s first crypto basket ETP in the Swiss SIX ExchangeFebruary 2019 : 21Shares lists the first open ended bitcoin ETP in EuropeJune 2019 : 21Shares lists the first white-label ETP in conjunction with BitwiseOct/Nov 2019 : 21Shares lists the first white-label BMR approved ETPs in collaboration with Bitcoin Suisse and Sygnum Bank under the ticker ABBA and MOONMarch 2020 : 21Shares is awarded Most Innovative Crypto Product by ADVFN in LondonJuly 2020 : 21Shares lists the centrally cleared bitcoin ETP on the Frankfurt regulated exchange Xetra and subsequently dual-list the first short bitcoin ETP on the same venue thereafterNovember 2020 : Surpassed $150 in AuM after record inflowsFebruary 2021 : Surpassed $1bn in AuM and launches the first Polkadot ETP on the Swiss SIX exchangeApril 2021 : Reaches close to $2bn in AuM after an active trading quarterMedia relations21Shares | Laurent Kssis | +41 44 260 86 60 | press21Shares.comAbout 21Shares -  makes investing in crypto assets as easy as buying shares using your conventional broker or bank. Investors can invest in cryptocurrencies using a conventional ETP structure (or tracker) easily, with total confidence and security and cost-effectively thanks to the 21Shares suite of ETPs now composed of 14 Crypto ETPs : the 21Shares Crypto Basket Index ETP (HODL:SW), 21Shares Bitcoin (ABTC:SW | 21XB:GY), 21Shares Ethereum (AETH:SW), 21Shares XRP (AXRP:SW | 21XX:GR), 21Shares Bitcoin Cash ETP (ABCH:SW), 21Shares Binance ETP (ABNB:SW), 21Shares Tezos ETP (AXTZ:SW), 21shares Bitcoin Suisse ETP (ABBA:SW), 21Shares Bitwise 10 ETP (KEYS:SW), Sygnum Platform Winners Index ETP (MOON:SW), 21Shares Short Bitcoin ETP (SBTC:SW | 21XS:GY), 21Shares Polkadot ETP (ADOT:SW | PDOT:GR), 21Shares Stellar ETP (AXLM SW | XLME GR) and 21Shares Cardano ETP (AADA SW | DADA GR). The entire suite is listed on a regulated framework on the official market of Deutsche Boerse, SIX Swiss Exchange, BX Swiss and some on Börse Stuttgart in currencies listed in CHF, USD, GBP and EUR. Founded in 2018, 21Shares is led by a team of talented serial entrepreneurs and experienced banking professionals from the technology and financial world. Incorporated in Zug, with offices in Zurich and New York, the company has launched several world firsts, including the first listed crypto basket index (HODL) ETP in November 2018. 21Shares has 14 crypto ETPs listed today and has over $1.50 Bn in AuM in total listed products.DisclaimerThis document and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into (directly or indirectly) the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan or any other jurisdiction in which the distribution or release would be unlawful. This document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in or into the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan. This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities in the United States. The securities of 21Shares AG to which these materials relate have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ""Securities Act""), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will not be a public offering of securities in the United States.This document is only being distributed to and is only directed at: (i) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order""); or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""); or (iv) persons who fall within Article 43(2) of the Order, including existing members and creditors of the Company or (v) any other persons to whom this document can be lawfully distributed in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply. The Securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. In any EEA Member State (other than the Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden) that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State, the ""Prospectus Regulation"") this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Exclusively for potential investors in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) is made available on the Issuer’s website under www.21Shares.com. The approval of the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) should not be understood as an endorsement by the SFSA of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. Eligible potential investors should read the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) and the relevant Final Terms before making an investment decision in order to understand the potential risks associated with the decision to invest in the securities. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand. This document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of 21Shares AG. Neither this document nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction. This document constitutes advertisement within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act and not a prospectus. Copies of the current Base Prospectus dated 13 November 2020 are available free of charge from the website of the Issuer. Subject to applicable securities laws, the Base Prospectus and the final terms of any product mentioned herein can be obtained from 21Shares AG on the website. Copies of this document may not be sent to jurisdictions, or distributed in or sent from jurisdictions, in which this is barred or prohibited by law. The information contained herein does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any jurisdiction.","['crypto', 'etps', 'volumes', 'record', 'exchange', 'etp', 'securities', 'document', 'offer', 'bitcoin', 'reaches', 'market', 'prospectus', 'primary', 'secondary', '21shares']",2021-05-25,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/21shares-chooses-cryptocompare-crypto-data-063000306.html,21Shares Chooses CryptoCompare For Crypto Data Services To Expand Market Participation,"Zurich | London, 31 May 2021 - 21Shares, the pioneering Swiss Crypto ETP issuer, has chosen CryptoCompare, the digital asset market data specialist, to provide settlement pricing for all of its single asset ETP data effective June 1st 2021.CryptoCompare is already the ‘go to’ provider of digital asset market data and calculation services for reference pricing, supporting a wide range of products.Charles Hayter, CEO and Co-Founder of CryptoCompare, said: “We are delighted to be working with 21Shares as their chosen digital asset data service provider.CryptoCompare has shown an equal drive to transform the market for reliable crypto data using innovative technology and adapt it in an ever demanding industry.Investors can invest in cryptocurrencies using a conventional ETP structure (or tracker) easily, with total confidence and security and cost-effectively thanks to the 21Shares suite of ETPs now composed of 14 Crypto ETPs : the 21Shares Crypto Basket Index ETP (HODL:SW), 21Shares Bitcoin (ABTC:SW | 21XB:GY), 21Shares Ethereum (AETH:SW), 21Shares XRP (AXRP:SW | 21XX:GR), 21Shares Bitcoin Cash ETP (ABCH:SW), 21Shares Binance ETP (ABNB:SW), 21Shares Tezos ETP (AXTZ:SW), 21shares Bitcoin Suisse ETP (ABBA:SW), 21Shares Bitwise 10 ETP (KEYS:SW), Sygnum Platform Winners Index ETP (MOON:SW), 21Shares Short Bitcoin ETP (SBTC:SW | 21XS:GY), 21Shares Polkadot ETP (ADOT:SW | PDOT:GR), 21Shares Stellar ETP (AXLM SW | XLME GR) and 21Shares Cardano ETP (AADA SW | DADA GR).","Zurich | London, 31 May 2021 - 21Shares, the pioneering Swiss Crypto ETP issuer, has chosen CryptoCompare, the digital asset market data specialist, to provide settlement pricing for all of its single asset ETP data effective June 1st 2021. The daily delivery of high-quality data to the market to 21Shares’ stakeholders is paramount to ensuring market participants can correctly price with confidence the liquidity profiles investors demand in actively growing crypto markets.21Shares, the Swiss innovation-led crypto ETP issuer, whose product range includes Bitcoin, Ethereum, as well as HODL Basket ETP and its newly launched Stellar and Cardano Bitcoin ETPs, is opening up investment in cryptocurrencies which currently lists 14 ETPs on the Zurich SIX as well Frankfurt and Vienna exchanges.21Shares’s goal is to expand its network of European banks, asset managers, brokers and exchanges enabling market participation. In order to achieve this goal, 21Shares uses many service providers in order to mitigate any concerns using live data in volatile and sometimes abrupt trading periods in the underlying crypto asset, a key feature required for the success of its institutional grade ETPs.CryptoCompare was the distinct choice for 21Shares. Since launching in 2014, CryptoCompare has become an integral data resource, bridging the gap between digital asset markets and traditional finance. Its proprietary data infrastructure captures, normalises, and distributes data feeds on an intraday /daily basis across the entire suite of 21Shares’ single asset ETPs. CryptoCompare is already the ‘go to’ provider of digital asset market data and calculation services for reference pricing, supporting a wide range of products.Charles Hayter, CEO and Co-Founder of CryptoCompare, said: “We are delighted to be working with 21Shares as their chosen digital asset data service provider. In light of the recent growth in digital asset markets, this partnership will undoubtedly support greater investment into cryptocurrencies, bolstering 21Share’s trusted product suite with CryptoCompare’s premium data offering.”Story continuesOphelia Snyder, Co-Founder and President of 21Shares AG added: “As a highly innovative firm driving change in how investors access crypto assets, we choose our partners carefully and diligently. CryptoCompare has shown an equal drive to transform the market for reliable crypto data using innovative technology and adapt it in an ever demanding industry. Providing us with the most accurate seamless daily data, forms an essential part of our expansion and market participation. CryptoCompare is the right partner to make this happen.”- Ends -Media relationsCryptoCompare | Alissa Ostrove | presscryptocompare.com21Shares | Laurent Kssis | press21Shares.com | +41 44 260 86 60About CryptoCompare -  is a global leader in digital asset data providing institutional and retail investors with real-time and historical data spanning 5,000+ coins and 250,000+ currency pairs. By aggregating and analysing tick data from globally recognised exchanges and seamlessly integrating multiple datasets, CryptoCompare offers a comprehensive, granular overview of the market across trade, order book, historical, social and blockchain data.About 21Shares -  makes investing in crypto assets as easy as buying shares using your conventional broker or bank. Investors can invest in cryptocurrencies using a conventional ETP structure (or tracker) easily, with total confidence and security and cost-effectively thanks to the 21Shares suite of ETPs now composed of 14 Crypto ETPs : the 21Shares Crypto Basket Index ETP (HODL:SW), 21Shares Bitcoin (ABTC:SW | 21XB:GY), 21Shares Ethereum (AETH:SW), 21Shares XRP (AXRP:SW | 21XX:GR), 21Shares Bitcoin Cash ETP (ABCH:SW), 21Shares Binance ETP (ABNB:SW), 21Shares Tezos ETP (AXTZ:SW), 21shares Bitcoin Suisse ETP (ABBA:SW), 21Shares Bitwise 10 ETP (KEYS:SW), Sygnum Platform Winners Index ETP (MOON:SW), 21Shares Short Bitcoin ETP (SBTC:SW | 21XS:GY), 21Shares Polkadot ETP (ADOT:SW | PDOT:GR), 21Shares Stellar ETP (AXLM SW | XLME GR) and 21Shares Cardano ETP (AADA SW | DADA GR). The entire suite is listed on a regulated framework on the official market of Deutsche Boerse, SIX Swiss Exchange, BX Swiss and some on Börse Stuttgart in CHF, USD, GBP and EUR respectively. Founded in 2018, 21Shares is led by a team of talented serial entrepreneurs and experienced banking professionals from the technology and financial world. Incorporated in Zug, with offices in Zurich and New York, the company has launched several world firsts, including the first listed crypto basket index (HODL) ETP in November 2018. 21Shares has 14 crypto ETPs listed today and has over $1.4 Bn in AuM in total listed products.DisclaimerThis document and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into (directly or indirectly) the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan or any other jurisdiction in which the distribution or release would be unlawful. This document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in or into the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan. This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities in the United States. The securities of 21Shares AG to which these materials relate have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ""Securities Act""), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will not be a public offering of securities in the United States.This document is only being distributed to and is only directed at: (i) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order""); or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""); or (iv) persons who fall within Article 43(2) of the Order, including existing members and creditors of the Company or (v) any other persons to whom this document can be lawfully distributed in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply. The Securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. In any EEA Member State (other than the Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden) that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State, the ""Prospectus Regulation"") this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Exclusively for potential investors in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) is made available on the Issuer’s website under www.21Shares.com. The approval of the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) should not be understood as an endorsement by the SFSA of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. Eligible potential investors should read the 2019 Base Prospectus (EU) and the relevant Final Terms before making an investment decision in order to understand the potential risks associated with the decision to invest in the securities. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand. This document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of 21Shares AG. Neither this document nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction. This document constitutes advertisement within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act and not a prospectus. Copies of the current Base Prospectus dated 13 November 2020 are available free of charge from the website of the Issuer. Subject to applicable securities laws, the Base Prospectus and the final terms of any product mentioned herein can be obtained from 21Shares AG on the website. Copies of this document may not be sent to jurisdictions, or distributed in or sent from jurisdictions, in which this is barred or prohibited by law. The information contained herein does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any jurisdiction.","['crypto', 'expand', 'etp', 'participation', 'securities', 'chooses', 'services', 'document', 'offer', 'market', 'data', 'cryptocompare', 'prospectus', 'asset', '21shares']",2021-05-31,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://cointelegraph.com/news/cryptocurrency-custody-gives-commercial-banks-a-foothold-in-the-market,Cryptocurrency custody gives commercial banks a foothold in the market,"“This is absolutely a trend,” Raphael Polansky, managing director at Boerse Stuttgart Digital Ventures GmbH, told Cointelegraph.Legacy banks’ interest in crypto custody might at first glance seem surprising.With the exception of Fidelity, an outlier, the crypto custody business really began to blossom in 2019, spearheaded by fintech firms.Meanwhile, events are moving fast, and Polansky expects to see the crypto custody business largely commoditized within the next three to four years.In addition, Polansky foresees an “interoperability of custodians” allowing customers to “more easily move tokens and cryptocurrencies between ecosystems.”What about custody services for everyday investors?","Custody services aren’t the most compelling corner of the crypto ecosystem, but 21st-century solutions for storing and safekeeping digital assets are critical if cryptocurrencies are to achieve widespread adoption.For that reason, Cowen Inc.’s recent announcement that the 103-year old United States investment bank wants to hold crypto on behalf of asset managers and hedge funds is noteworthy, especially when coupled with similar statements from traditional bank giants such as Bank of New York Mellon and Deutsche Bank earlier this year.Is it too early to speak of this as a movement? “This is absolutely a trend,” Raphael Polansky, managing director at Boerse Stuttgart Digital Ventures GmbH, told Cointelegraph.Traditional bank giants like Wells Fargo — which also announced that it would begin offering crypto services to its wealthier investors — are being nudged into the business by their customers who are eager to increase their crypto and token activities. “Those customers are also not yet willing to trust those pioneering fintech firms with three-digit million amounts,” explained Polansky, adding: “They want a reliable and trusted partner that they have known for decades, and these are still the traditional banks.”“Yes, more [traditional] banks will offer custody services,” predicted Michael Gofman, assistant professor of finance at the University of Rochester. It’s like building a house, where “custody is the foundation,” he told Cointelegraph. Most users are scarcely aware of the custody function, but it is critical if the house is to endure.Matthias von Hauff, CEO of TEN31 fintech Bank, told Cointelegraph: “Those jurisdictions with a solid financial regulatory regime are in general beginning to appreciate the importance of providing a sound regulatory framework for crypto custody.” He, too, expects more traditional banks to enter the custody space.A door opener?Legacy banks’ interest in crypto custody might at first glance seem surprising. The fees aren’t lucrative, after all; Coinbase’s custody fees, for instance, are about 50 basis points on an annualized basis. “It won’t make them [i.e., the banks] much money,” observed Gofman. But banks may view it as a kind of loss leader, enabling institutions to sell new custody clients additional — and more profitable — services, like crypto trading.Many providers until now have been offering services virtually free of charge, noted von Hauff, while crypto custody “is a perfectly logical ‘door opener’ for a wide range of cross-selling opportunities,” adding: “It is much like offering free checking accounts to banking clients. You lose money at first, but you have a client to whom you can offer all sorts of financial products.”Also, banks have surely been keeping a watchful eye on Fidelity Investments, the mutual fund colossus that pioneered institutional crypto custody in 2019 and, in October, expanded its digital asset coverage to Asia. Its Bitcoin (BTC) custody business has been “incredibly successful,” Fidelity CEO Abigail Johnson told Barron’s in December, adding:“If you had asked me in the beginning if we or anybody was going to be prioritizing custody of Bitcoin, I would have said, ‘no way, I mean, that’s kind of the opposite of what it’s all about,’ but the reality is that you do need it because if you’re an individual who engages an advisor and you want to make an estate plan, you actually need somebody to custody your Bitcoin.”Will banks supplant fintechs?With the exception of Fidelity, an outlier, the crypto custody business really began to blossom in 2019, spearheaded by fintech firms. But now, with more established banks entering the arena, its center of gravity could be shifting.“I would not say that the first fintech interest to this sector will invariably be superseded by traditional financial institutions, but that by entering this space, the competition for clients will certainly increase,” Sean Stein Smith, assistant professor in economics and business at Lehman College, told Cointelegraph. It’s possible that certain demographics may actually prefer to deal with fintechs rather than traditional commercial banks, he added.There should be room for partnerships between banks and fintechs, said Polansky. “We foresee a lot of strategic moves in the market where traditional banks will invest in crypto custodians instead of building up their own solutions.”Banks typically aren’t at the forefront when it comes to embracing new technologies, noted von Hauff, so it is “not surprising to see that most banks left this playing field to fintech firms at first. Now it seems like they are beginning to catch up.”The nature of crypto custody could change soon too, particularly as the crypto industry moves from proof-of-work to proof-of-stake transaction validation protocols and as staking becomes more commonplace, Gofman told Cointelegraph. If a user stakes a cryptocurrency, like Ether (ETH), which helps the network to validate blocks on its protocol, that staker could expect a return on investment — e.g., 6.7% over a 365-day period.But who is going to track, secure and document all those additional funds? “In the future, everyone will have to provide staking,” predicted Gofman, but “not every custodian will be able to do that.” It might become the province of smaller crypto-custody specialty firms.Meanwhile, events are moving fast, and Polansky expects to see the crypto custody business largely commoditized within the next three to four years. “The speed with which different companies are building up common infrastructure is amazing.” Besides all the new market entrants, regulations could also shape the future custody business, he told Cointelegraph, adding:“Combine those effects and we will see a network of big players with similar pricing sharing the market and making it hard for new competitors to enter.”This should be a plus for crypto users, who will get accessible, affordable services. In addition, Polansky foresees an “interoperability of custodians” allowing customers to “more easily move tokens and cryptocurrencies between ecosystems.”What about custody services for everyday investors?Recent announcements have focused on crypto custody solutions for institutions, not individual investors, but this isn’t so surprising, given that institutional players and private banking clients simply have more assets to deploy, said Stein Smith, adding: “From a business model perspective, it is logical to offer services to the most valuable clients first.”“Retail clients don’t need it,” added Gofman. They can write their private key on a piece of paper and put it in a safe deposit box. It’s not even needed for tax filing. But it’s a different story for institutional investors. Indeed, in the U.S., qualified investors holding $150,000 or more in assets must keep them under the control of a “qualified custodian.”This makes some sense, Gofman continued. You really don’t want a company’s CEO holding the private keys to the firm’s $1-billion BTC investment. Even though the CEO probably isn’t going to run off to the Cayman Islands with the private key, it’s better to place it for safekeeping with an established financial custodian.Retail custody solutions are behind in terms of usage and functionality, stated Polansky, and he doesn’t expect that to change. “They will remain a valid option for those who want to use them but will not take over the market.”Crypto in retirement funds?All in all, the fact that financial heavyweights, such as Fidelity, BNY, Deutsche Bank, Northern Trust, DBS Bank and others, want to offer custody for digital assets could be a milestone event for the crypto world, and one might expect that even retirement funds could hold crypto assets soon.“The inclusion of Bitcoin and crypto into retirement planning is actually already underway via the utilization of self-directed IRAs,” Stein Smith told Cointelegraph. “With the increased interest and integration of crypto into traditional custodial and other financial services, it makes logical sense that Bitcoin and other crypto will become an integral part of the retirement planning process.”Related: Bitcoin on balance sheet attracts negative attention from anti-crypto banksCustody is a big deal, said Gofman, the groundwork of the cryptocurrency edifice, and even if custody fees remain relatively low, “1% of $1 trillion is still a lot of money.” Meanwhile, nonprofit organizations, pension funds and other institutional investors must have secure and trustworthy custodial services if they are going to invest in cryptocurrencies.“A big reason that institutional investors have steered clear of crypto until now is the custody issue,” Duke University’s Campbell Harvey told Cointelegraph in April, adding: “They had no mechanism to store private keys. They did not want to bear the custodial risk.” But now multiple solutions appear close at hand.","['custody', 'crypto', 'foothold', 'cointelegraph', 'banks', 'cryptocurrency', 'services', 'told', 'traditional', 'market', 'bank', 'gives', 'gofman', 'business', 'commercial']",2021-05-25,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,PyNews API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4432024-heidelbergcement-a-dividend-growth-idea-with-3-percent-yield,HeidelbergCement: A Dividend Growth Idea With A 3% Yield And 32% Payout Ratio,HeidelbergCement: The strong financial performance and low payout ratio indicate the dividend is safe and future dividend increases are very realistic.,"Photo by photovs/iStock via Getty Images Introduction HeidelbergCement (OTCPK:HLBZF) is one of the largest producers of cement and building materials (including concrete, aggregate and asphalt) in… [+7062 chars]",,2021-05-29,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/kl-ckner-co-se-german-080009487.html,Klöckner & Co SE: German subsidiaries Becker Stahl-Service GmbH and Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH appoint new members of the management,"Duisburg, Germany, May 31, 2021 - Becker Stahl-Service GmbH and Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH, both subsidiaries of Klöckner & Co SE, are reorganizing their management.Becker Stahl-Service GmbH has appointed Francois-David Martino as its new CEO, effective June 21, 2021.Furthermore, Christina Kolbeck has been named the new CFO of Becker Stahl-Service GmbH in addition to her role as CFO of Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH.Hans-Georg Pieper retains his executive role as member of the management leading the Sales department at Becker Stahl-Service GmbH.Christina Kolbeck, as CFO of Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH and Becker Stahl-Service GmbH, will support these aims by merging the two companies' administrations in the near future.","DGAP-News: Klöckner & Co SE / Key word(s): PersonnelThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Duisburg, Germany, May 31, 2021 - Becker Stahl-Service GmbH and Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH, both subsidiaries of Klöckner & Co SE, are reorganizing their management. Becker Stahl-Service GmbH has appointed Francois-David Martino as its new CEO, effective June 21, 2021. Furthermore, Christina Kolbeck has been named the new CFO of Becker Stahl-Service GmbH in addition to her role as CFO of Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH. Hans-Georg Pieper retains his executive role as member of the management leading the Sales department at Becker Stahl-Service GmbH. As announced in the context of the Annual General Meeting, Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH has appointed Bernhard Weiß as its new CEO; he takes over as of June 1, 2021 as planned. Sven Koepchen, the current CEO of Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH, will be moving into a cross-functional role, where he will be responsible for the expansion of the higher value-added business in EU-Europe. Guido Kerkhoff, CEO of Klöckner & Co SE: ""With our new strategy, 'Klöckner & Co 2025: Leveraging Strengths', we will evolve into the leading digital platform for steel, additional materials and processing services in Europe and the Americas. Therefore, we are very pleased that we have been able to fill the CEO positions at Becker Stahl-Service GmbH as well as at Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH with two eminent experts - Francois-David Martino and Bernhard Weiß - who will be instrumental in pushing ahead with the implementation of our Group strategy in the companies."" Francois-David Martino held executive roles in Asia and Europe for many years, working in various fields and industries. After obtaining his degree in mechanical engineering, Francois-David Martino served in numerous leadership positions at companies including thyssenkrupp, Siemens and ZF Friedrichshafen. Francois-David Martino most recently held the office of President & CEO China at Danieli & C. Officine Meccaniche S.p.A. Francois-David Martino's reputation includes international recognition for his expertise in the fields of supply chains and operational excellence and in the successful implementation of growth strategies. Apart from implementing the new Group strategy at Becker Stahl-Service GmbH, Francois-David Martino will focus on expanding the product and processing portfolio as well as technical expertise in manufacturing while also enhancing the service level for customers and partners. Additional goals include utilizing synergies among the individual Klöckner & Co Group companies to better effect and further streamlining intra-Group structures in order to further increase profitability. Christina Kolbeck, as CFO of Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH and Becker Stahl-Service GmbH, will support these aims by merging the two companies' administrations in the near future. As a member of the Management Board of Klöckner & Co SE and CEO Europe, Bernhard Weiß will be responsible for the EU activities and, in addition to his leadership role in France, he will also take over as CEO of Klöckner & Co Deutschland in order to better integrate operations. Bernhard Weiß succeeds Sven Koepchen, who served as CEO of Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH since November 2012. Sven Koepchen will build on his longstanding experience as he steps into a newly created cross-functional role, where he assumes responsibility for expanding the higher value-added business in EU-Europe. About Becker Stahl-Service GmbH:Becker Stahl-Service GmbH is one of the largest European service centers in the flat steel sector, supplying customers with wide band, slit strip, rectangular plates, blanks and trapezoid blanks of the highest quality, always on time. The company employs some 500 people and generated sales of around €600 million in fiscal year 2020. About Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH:Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH ranks among Germany's largest companies in steel and metal distribution and provides a comprehensive range of manufacturing and processing services. Through its distribution and service network of some 15 locations, the company serves over 10,000 customers. Klöckner & Co Deutschland GmbH currently employs some 900 people. The company generated sales of around€670 million in fiscal year 2020. About Klöckner & Co:Klöckner & Co is one of the largest producer-independent distributors of steel and metal products and one of the leading steel service companies worldwide. Based on its distribution and service network of some 140 locations in 13 countries, Klöckner & Co supplies more than 100,000 customers. Currently, the Group has some 7,100 employees. Klöckner & Co had sales of some €5.1 billion in fiscal 2020. As a pioneer of the digital transformation in the steel industry, Klöckner & Co's target is to digitalize and largely automate its supply and service chain and to become the leading digital one-stop-shop platform for steel, other materials, equipment and processing services in Europe and the Americas. The shares of Klöckner & Co SE are admitted to trading on the regulated market segment (Regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) with further post-admission obligations (Prime Standard). Klöckner & Co shares are listed in the SDAX(R) index of Deutsche Börse. ISIN: DE000KC01000; WKN: KC0100; Common Code: 025808576.Klöckner & Co SE contact: PressChristian Pokropp - Press SpokespersonHead of External CommunicationsPhone: +49 203 307-2050Email: christian.pokroppkloeckner.com InvestorsFelix SchmitzHead of Investor Relations,Internal Communications & SustainabilityPhone: +49 203 307-2295Email: felix.schmitzkloeckner.com31.05.2021 Dissemination of a Corporate News, transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements, Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.dgap.de","['service', 'members', 'klöckner', 'se', 'ceo', 'gmbh', 'management', 'becker', 'stahlservice', 'subsidiaries', 'francoisdavid', 'german', 'deutschland', 'steel']",2021-05-31,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/vaneck-list-crypto-etps-euronext-155200576.html,VanEck to List Crypto ETPs on Euronext Stock Exchanges,"Globe NewswireReport Scope Biosimilar drugs have gained immense popularity because of their impact on the lives of many patients.The industry structure, focusing on the important biosimilar drug manufacturers/suppliers and their market shares and product offerings, is analyzed.This report also discusses the current market situation by elaborating upon the market drivers, restraints, challenges and opportunities.Particularly, in the U.S., the first approval came only in 2015, and the market has since grown to include more than 30 biosimilar drugs.It was however noted that the adoption of biosimilar drugs has been variable with respect to different drug classes.","Globe NewswireReport Scope Biosimilar drugs have gained immense popularity because of their impact on the lives of many patients. These drugs belong to several drug classes including hormones, interferons, growth factors (colony stimulating factors, erythropoietin) and monoclonal antibodies, among others.New York, May 31, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report ""Biosimilars: Global Markets"" - ?utm_source=GNW The use of these drugs has aided in the affordable treatment of many life-threatening diseases ranging from cancer and diabetes to chronic inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis and others.The high cost of branded biologics has made biosimilars a lucrative alternative for affordable treatment.According to a report on biosimilars (BIO090C), the global market for biosimilars is expected to reach close to $20.8 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 30.5%. Other drivers for this market include rising aging populations, patent expirations of many blockbuster drugs, and better healthcare provisions.This updated report provides in-depth analysis of the market for biosimilars in a global context, including market forecasts and sales through 2025.This study surveys the market for biosimilars in all the geographic regions including North America, Europe, the developed rest of the world (RoW), and emerging markets.The emerging markets include countries like India, China, Taiwan, Africa and Latin America.The report provides an analysis of the market for biosimilars in various segments, for instance, by type, by region and by application/disease category. The report will include a detailed overview about the subject wherein the classification of biosimilar drugs along with their approval mechanisms, clinical trials and applications under review are elaborated upon.The report also provides relevant patent analysis in both the U.S. and the European Union and comprehensive profiles of companies that lead the biosimilar drugs industry. The industry structure, focusing on the important biosimilar drug manufacturers/suppliers and their market shares and product offerings, is analyzed. This report also discusses the current market situation by elaborating upon the market drivers, restraints, challenges and opportunities. Separate chapters discuss the regulatory aspects and clinical trials. The latest news pieces including new products, new indications, mergers and acquisitions in the market are also dealt with in sufficient detail.Excluded from this report are biobetters, generics of small molecule drugs and the biogenerics pertaining to vaccines and blood products. The different requirements for approval and bioequivalence between generics and biosimilars put them in an entirely different regime.Report Includes- 69 data tables and 73 additional tables- An updated review and industry insights of the global biosimilars market- Analyses of the global market trends, with data from 2018 to 2020, and projections of compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) through 2025- Highlights of the emerging market regulations, clinical trials, and new products launches; and their impact on the stakeholders in this market- Discussion of the biosimilars industry structure, opportunities and complexities, regulatory updates and penetration of biosimilar product classes in various regions worldwide- Estimation of current market size and potential growth forecast for biosimilars market, and corresponding market share analysis by product type, application/disease category and geographic region- A detailed review of patents issued for biosimilars by different assignee categories- Impact analysis of COVID-19 pandemic on the growth of biosimilars market as compared to overall pharmaceuticals industry with respect to clinical trials/approvals- Company profiles of the major market players, including Amgen Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim, Cipla Ltd., Dr Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Lupin Ltd., Pfizer Inc. and Zydus CadilaSummaryBiosimilars or follow-on biologics have attracted many biopharmaceutical companies and new entitiesto enter this market.The huge economic potential boosted by billions of dollars of market revenues of branded biologics has lured these developers.Further, the massive cost savings from the use of biosimilar drugs in the treatment of cancer and other chronic diseases have also motivated the healthcare systems, payers and regulatory agencies to approve and adopt these drugs.In the last five years, the market for biosimilars has changed in many ways. Particularly, in the U.S., the first approval came only in 2015, and the market has since grown to include more than 30 biosimilar drugs. Inclusion of insulin and other drugs in the biological pathway has paved the way for new biosimilar entries in this market. A rise in competition due to multiple products has also worked in the industry’s favor, allowing price reduction at launches (close to 57% for Amgen’s Avsola, infliximab biosimilar), making the drugs available to much-needed populations. The developed markets have also seen increased adoption of biosimilars driven by growth in physician and payer education, inclusion ofbiosimilars in preferred drug lists, and increases in coverage, in general. It was however noted that the adoption of biosimilar drugs has been variable with respect to different drug classes. Filgrastim biosimilars have witnessed extraordinary growth with a market share reaching almost REDACTED, compared to infliximab biosimilars that have captured only REDACTED market share in the U.S. until 2020. A number of factors are responsible for this disparity, including the type of diseases covered by the drug, branded drug manufacturer tactics, patent scenario and stakeholder awareness, among others.As the market for biosimilar drugs matures, there is a shift in the drug pipelines of most of the biosimilar developers. While some biosimilar drugs from the second wave of biosimilars, such as adalimumab and etanercept, are awaiting approval in the U.S. due to patent litigations and settlements with the originator drug manufacturers, many new drugs considered as third-wave biosimilars (patent expirations on or after 2020) are now in Phase III clinical studies. Some popular drugs in this category are Prolia, Stelara, Eylea and Lucentis.A continuing trend in the global biosimilars space has been collaborations and partnerships with local and multi-national companies.Leading developers have inked strategic commercialization and marketing arrangements with domestic companies to enable market approvals and commercialization in those territories.Technical capabilities, manufacturing expertise, regulatory knowledge and vast experience in generics markets are some of the drivers of these partnerships.Read the full report: ?utm_source=GNWAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________ CONTACT: Clare: clarereportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001","['crypto', 'etps', 'industry', 'vaneck', 'drugs', 'exchanges', 'global', 'euronext', 'biosimilars', 'biosimilar', 'market', 'growth', 'report', 'stock', 'list', 'including', 'drug']",2021-05-29,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://coinjournal.net/news/asset-manager-wisdomtree-files-for-an-ether-etf/,WisdomTree becomes second ETF firm to file for an Ether fund,"The New York-based company becomes the second to apply for Ether ETF approvalExchange-traded fund and exchange-traded product specialist firm WisdomTree has applied for an Ether (ETH) ETF in the US.WisdomTree’s Ether ETF application comes just a month after the firm rolled out an Ether ETP in Europe.There are now two Ether ETF applications awaiting approval from the US regulatory agency.The global investment manager, whose Bitcoin ETF review was delayed until June, also intends to list its Ether ETF on the Cboe equities market.The watchdog has reportedly started reviewing two Bitcoin exchange-traded fund applications: Fidelity Investments’ Wise Origin Bitcoin Trust and SkyBridge Capital’s offering.","The New York-based company becomes the second to apply for Ether ETF approvalExchange-traded fund and exchange-traded product specialist firm WisdomTree has applied for an Ether (ETH) ETF in the US. The 76-page Form S-1 was submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday. The ETF would be named WisdomTree Ethereum Trust and, if approved, will be listed on the Cboe BZX Exchange.It is worth noting the company also intends to list shares of its pending Bitcoin ETF on this platform as well. Like other ETF products, the WisdomTree Ethereum Trust will seek to cater to the needs of investors that don’t want direct ownership of assets. A section of the filing reads:“The Trust provides investors with the opportunity to access the market for ether through a traditional brokerage account without the potential barriers to entry or risks involved with holding or transferring ether directly, acquiring it from an ether exchange, or mining it.”The submission is not exactly comprehensive, as WisdomTree is yet to specify what ticker name the ETF will be under or even the custodian party. The company, however, named the Delaware Trust Company as the proposed trustee. The application will see updates to fill in any missing parts as time goes on.WisdomTree’s Ether ETF application comes just a month after the firm rolled out an Ether ETP in Europe. The launch of the directly-backed Ether ETP is part of the company’s expansion plans into the European market. The exchange-traded product is available on Deutsche Börse Xetra in euros. It is also available on the SIX Swiss Exchange in US dollars and euro options.There are now two Ether ETF applications awaiting approval from the US regulatory agency. VanEck was the first fund shop to file its submission, having done so at the beginning of the month. The global investment manager, whose Bitcoin ETF review was delayed until June, also intends to list its Ether ETF on the Cboe equities market.The SEC is yet to give a final verdict on any of the dozen filed crypto ETFs, but there appears to be some hope at last. The watchdog has reportedly started reviewing two Bitcoin exchange-traded fund applications: Fidelity Investments’ Wise Origin Bitcoin Trust and SkyBridge Capital’s offering. The Commission was previously reluctant to commence the reviewing process of the already filed applications, citing price manipulation concerns.Crypto ETF products continue to flourish in the Canadian market, where reviews and approvals have been conducted over a short period.","['fund', 'exchange', 'exchangetraded', 'second', 'ether', 'company', 'etf', 'bitcoin', 'trust', 'market', 'wisdomtree', 'firm', 'file']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://www.leaprate.com/forex/market-news/forex-weekly-look-back-hsbc-winds-down-us-retail-banking-business-playtech-to-sell-finalto-for-210-million/,"Forex Weekly Look Back: HSBC winds down US retail banking business, Playtech to sell Finalto for $210 million",The governor of the Bank of Korea suggested that cryptocurrency trades from South Korean citizens are a potential threat to the country’s financial system. In,The governor of the Bank of Korea suggested that cryptocurrency trades from South Korean citizens are a potential threat to the country’s financial system. In,,2021-05-28,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://thepaypers.com/online-payments/lgim-launches-etf-for-digital-payments--1249339,LGIM launches ETF for digital payments,"UK-based asset manager <a href=' target='_blank'>Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM) has announced the launch of the L&G Digital Payments ETF (‘the Fund’), which offers investors exposure to digital payment technology’s growth","OKFor optimum operation, this website makes use of cookies. For more information click here","['launches', 'website', 'cookies', 'okfor', 'makes', 'etf', 'payments', 'click', 'digital', 'information', 'lgim', 'optimum', 'operation']",2021-05-28,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/stocks/news/new-york-could-profit-from-brexit-tussle-over-euro-derivatives/articleshow/83012943.cms,New York could profit from Brexit tussle over euro derivatives,"Some banks insist it should be up to clients to decide where they clear.The German operator has been targeting a 25% stake.""We are in favour of a market-driven alternative for clearing euro swaps within the EU,"" Eurex Clearing board member Matthias Graulich said.Relocation involves closing a position in London and opening a new one in Frankfurt, a complex process that has never been undertaken on the scale envisaged.""Our approach is to offer a full-service portfolio focused on the euro across fixed income futures, swaps and repos.""It's not terribly clear where this is going to go,"" said Katharine Braddick, head of financial services at Britain's finance ministry.","LONDON: A hasty shift in euro-denominated derivatives clearing from London to Frankfurt to meet European Union post-Brexit demands may drive business to New York and shackle the 27-member bloc's capital market, banks warn.The future of where euro derivatives are cleared for customers in the bloc became a focal point in the Brexit debate, with EU politicians keen to wrest control of the 100 trillion euro ($122 trillion) market away from the City of London after Britain quit the EU.Whilst employing a relatively small number of people, euro clearing is a central cog in European financial markets so EU policymakers argue they should have full oversight of it.The bloc's executive European Commission is studying ""technical issues"" raised by moving business worth trillions of euros from London Stock Exchange 's LCH clearing platform to Deutsche Boerse's Eurex in Germany.New York has already benefited from Brexit after most trading in euro derivatives in London left for the EU and SEF platforms in the United States following Britain's full departure on Dec. 31 2020.Brussels is now targeting clearing, which ensures a transaction is completed even if one side of the deal goes bust, and the United States could end up grabbing business here too.LCH accounts for over 90% of global clearing in euro interest rate swaps and says it is already supervised by the EU.But the LSE unit only has permission to serve EU customers until June 2022 and industry officials say a shift in some euro clearing from London is now inevitable.Although the European Commission said in January it would issue ""recommendations"" by mid-2021, it is now unlikely to be made public, a source familiar with the situation said.The LSE has said that LCH members don't want to split the market by moving clearing from London.""If you want to build up liquidity in the EU, we think it should be voluntary, market driven and happen over time,"" said Bruce Savage, head of the Futures Industry Association in Europe.Albert Menkveld, professor of finance at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, has estimated that fragmenting euro rate swaps clearing would cost users of LCH at least 2 million euros a day in extra collateral from needing two clearers.Banks have begun discussing how such an unprecedented shift could be done smoothly and for which products, industry sources say. Some banks insist it should be up to clients to decide where they clear.""Banks want to move just the amount needed so that LCH gets some form of permanent access to the EU from June next year, and EU banks maintain access to a global pool of clearing business,"" one senior industry source said.Only a quarter of euro swaps clearing at LCH have an EU counterparty over which EU regulators have direct influence, leaving most of the global market in London.The global euro swaps market totals 100 trillion euros in notional outstanding, with LCH making up 80% and Eurex 20%. The German operator has been targeting a 25% stake.""We are in favour of a market-driven alternative for clearing euro swaps within the EU,"" Eurex Clearing board member Matthias Graulich said.Relocation involves closing a position in London and opening a new one in Frankfurt, a complex process that has never been undertaken on the scale envisaged.""There is no first mover advantage as the first mover won't get better prices,"" industry sources said.Eurex clears swaps and other products in euro, while LCH clears swaps in multiple currencies, making relocation harder.EU pension funds with business predominantly in euros might be more willing to relocate clearing, but many of LCH's EU customers clear more in dollar swaps than in euro swaps, meaning they need multi-currency clearing, industry sources say.""Our approach is to offer a full-service portfolio focused on the euro across fixed income futures, swaps and repos. This is different from LCH,"" Graulich said.Relocation could be further complicated if the EU narrowed LCH access to the bloc after June 2022 to clearing only non-euro swaps, and the EU's securities watchdog ESMA is studying if there should be forced relocation of euro swaps clearing.ESMA said it aimed to complete the assessment well in advance of the June 2022 deadline.""Relocation of euro derivatives clearing by regulatory mandate would result in negative financial, commercial, operational and risk implications for market participants and place EU firms at a competitive disadvantage,"" FIA's Savage said.Unable to reap savings from clearing in multiple currencies in London, EU customers could turn to the CME in the United States, which has long-term EU permission to serve customers from the bloc.""For some EU buyside customers with multi-currency positions, they would be more likely to shift positions to New York than to the EU,"" a senior industry official said.Should clearing business move to the United States, the EU would have even less oversight of the activity, said Scott O'Malia, CEO of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association.CME declined to comment.LCH must serve three months' notice to customers to shift euro positions from London if Brussels refuses to renew access from next June, meaning the clock is ticking.""It's not terribly clear where this is going to go,"" said Katharine Braddick, head of financial services at Britain's finance ministry.","['eu', 'tussle', 'profit', 'lch', 'customers', 'swaps', 'business', 'brexit', 'market', 'euro', 'york', 'industry', 'clearing', 'derivatives', 'london']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://citywireselector.com/news/lgim-bolsters-thematics-range-with-digital-payments-etf/a1513198?assetClassID=9,LGIM bolsters thematics range with digital payments ETF,The firm’s new strategy focuses on the global transition to a cashless economy which surpassed $58bn in combined value last year.,The firm’s new strategy focuses on the global transition to a cashless economy which surpassed $58bn in combined value last year.,[],2021-05-27,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Bing API,https://www.proactiveinvestors.co.uk/companies/news/950739/bitcoin-etfs-under-review-by-us-regulators-950739.html,Bitcoin ETFs under review by US regulators,"SEC filings have recently named SkyBridge Capital and Wise Origin Bitcoin Trust, kicking off the official review process for both ETFs as they seek to list on the NYSE and the Cboe BZX Exchange respectivelyTwo more Bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are now under review by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), potentially raising hopes that crypto investment could finally make its way to mainstream US stock markets.In total, around four Bitcoin ETFs are currently undergoing SEC review, including SkyBridge and Wise Origin, while another ten are pending.Any SEC approval of a Bitcoin ETF is likely to be seen as a watershed moment for the sector and potentially open the floodgates for dozens on crypto ETFs hoping to draw cash from US investors.Crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs), listed products similar to ETFs, have already gained footholds in European markets, particularly on the Deutsche Boerse’s XETRA market in Frankfurt, which has ETPs tracking multiple cryptos including Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin.In early afternoon trading in London on Thursday, Bitcoin was down 1.4% over the last 24 hours at US$39,737, giving it a market cap of US$743bn.","SEC filings have recently named SkyBridge Capital and Wise Origin Bitcoin Trust, kicking off the official review process for both ETFs as they seek to list on the NYSE and the Cboe BZX Exchange respectivelyTwo more Bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are now under review by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), potentially raising hopes that crypto investment could finally make its way to mainstream US stock markets.Recent SEC filings have named an ETF created by SkyBridge Capital, run by former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci, and Wise Origin Bitcoin Trust, owned by Fidelity Investments, meaning the regulator will be officially reviewing both Bitcoin ETFs for their suitability to list on the New York Stock Exchange and the Cboe BZX Exchange respectively.In total, around four Bitcoin ETFs are currently undergoing SEC review, including SkyBridge and Wise Origin, while another ten are pending. The SEC must make an initial decision within 45 days, although this period can be extended to as long as 240 days.Any SEC approval of a Bitcoin ETF is likely to be seen as a watershed moment for the sector and potentially open the floodgates for dozens on crypto ETFs hoping to draw cash from US investors.Crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs), listed products similar to ETFs, have already gained footholds in European markets, particularly on the Deutsche Boerse’s XETRA market in Frankfurt, which has ETPs tracking multiple cryptos including Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin.Crypto ETPs have also made headway elsewhere in Europe, with Swiss digital asset firm Valour Structured Products launching an ETP tracking the Cardano cryptocurrency on the Nordic Growth Market in Sweden last week.In early afternoon trading in London on Thursday, Bitcoin was down 1.4% over the last 24 hours at US$39,737, giving it a market cap of US$743bn.","['sec', 'exchange', 'skybridge', 'etfs', 'regulators', 'bitcoin', 'market', 'review', 'origin', 'wise', 'products']",2021-05-27,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,emil_jens (DEG) You are currently repositioning,,emil_jens (DEG) You are currently repositioning,,2021-05-29,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,"Retweet selected by the team | Deutsche Boerse, Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and…",,"Retweet selected by the team | Deutsche Boerse, Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and…",,2021-05-28,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,Don’t miss our free webinar with WatersTech on 9 June 15:00 CET about “Exchange partnerships – the business and o…,,Don’t miss our free webinar with WatersTech on 9 June 15:00 CET about “Exchange partnerships – the business and o…,,2021-05-27,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,"Telekom: Investors favorite stock $DTE is struggling since 2000 highs. Right now, while above 10.40 lows, it can s…",,"Telekom: Investors favorite stock $DTE is struggling since 2000 highs. Right now, while above 10.40 lows, it can s…",,2021-05-25,Euroclear
Deutsche Boerse,2,Twitter,Twitter,"Companies that don't meet the minimum standards for market cap, trading volume or free float are excluded on an ong…",,"Companies that don't meet the minimum standards for market cap, trading volume or free float are excluded on an ong…",,2021-05-24,Euroclear
